youtube is a video-sharing website, created by three former paypal employees in february 2005 , on which users can upload, view and share videos.
the company is based in san bruno , california , and uses adobe flash video and html5 technology to display a wide variety of user-generated video content , including movie
my name is driftmaster130, and i make videos on youtube.com/driftmaster130 my youtube channel of the same name .
i edit pages about stuff that interests me on here once in a while.
the winter olympic games (french: jeux olympiques d'hiver) is a major international sporting event that occurs once every four years.
unlike the summer olympics, the winter olympics feature sports practiced on snow and ice.
the first winter olympics, the 1924 winter olympics, was held in chamonix, france.
the original 5 sports ( broken into 9 disciplines ) were bobsleigh , curling , ice hockey , nordic skiing ( consisting of the disciplines military patrol , cross-country skiing
the games were held every four years from 1924 until 1936, after which they were interrupted by world war ii.
the olympics resumed in 1948 and was again held every four years.
until 1992 , the winter and summer olympic games were held in the same years , but in accordance with a 1986 decision by the international olympic committee ( ioc
beta ( or ; uppercase ', lowercase '; bta) is the second letter of the greek alphabet.
in ancient greek, beta represented the voiced bilabial plosive .
heating experiments demonstrated that this difference in structure is due to different thermal properties of each mound as a response to the unique habitats.
mounds in the cooler forest habitat will retain their temperature for longer periods of time while mounds in the warmer savanna will shed heat faster.
m. bellicosus individuals will burrow themselves in the subsoil and collect clay in their mouths.
the clay is moistened by their saliva.
mound building is usually most labor intensive in the wet months.
pressures from predation play a role in the foraging behavior of m. bellicosus, which will vary between the two types of environments.
this was measured by observing when the termites will stop foraging in an area while varying the pressure from predators.
in the savanna , there was gradual increase in the amount of unused food remaining in response to increasing predation , while in contrast food was immediately abandoned in response
also , in the absence of predation , less food was left no utilized in the savanna , indicating that a higher value is placed on food in this particular
these observations are in accordance with the higher availability of food in the forest in comparison to the savanna.
m. bellicosus will construct mounds differently based on the surrounding habitat, as seen in observations made in como national park.
in the forest , the mounds are constructed with thick walls and are dome shaped , whereas the mounds that are constructed in the savanna have thin walls and deviate
heating experiments demonstrated that this difference in structure is due to different thermal properties of each mound as a response to the unique habitats.
mounds in the cooler forest habitat will retain their temperature for longer periods of time while mounds in the warmer savanna will shed heat faster.
m. bellicosus individuals will burrow themselves in the subsoil and collect clay in their mouths.
the clay is moistened by their saliva.
mound building is usually most labor intensive in the wet months.
on average , multiply mated queens have a 37 % higher fitness than singly mated queens it is proposed that singly-mated queens remain in the population because the benefits of
the benefits of multiple-mating also decline as it becomes more numerous in the population.
the annexation of crimea by the russian federation is a controversial political theory , whereby autonomous republic of crimea and sevastopol became controlled by the russian federation and incorporated into
the flag of the donetsk people's republic has become a prominent symbol of pro-russian separatists in donetsk.
the annexation of crimea by the russian federation is a controversial political process , whereby the crimean peninsula came under the control of russia and was incorporated into it as
the process is viewed by nato secretary general anders fogh rasmussen and several world leaders as illegal annexation that began following russian intervention in the autonomous republic of crimea and
russia views the process as accession of the independent nation `` republic of crimea '' , proclaimed when the regions joined together and subsequently requested their admission to russia in
ukraine disputes the treaty, as it does not recognize the independence of the republic of crimea or the accession itself as legitimate.
so does the united nations general assembly, which adopted non-binding resolution 68/262, affirming "territorial integrity of ukraine within its internationally recognized borders".
1) the ipa is u+0261 from the ipa extensions , not the g from the iso basic latin alphabet.
there is even a template for such situations template: r from misspelling - so, what do you want from me?
working by your subjective rules?
go away.
?ivantosaurus tchudinov , 1983
?
dimacrodon
family ?
driveriidae
family ?
mastersoniidae
period = from:-66 till: 0
from: -0.0117 till: 0 color:holocene text:
from: -0.0117 till: 0 color:holocene text:
tyrannosaurus ( or ; meaning `` tyrant lizard '' , from greek tyrannos meaning `` tyrant , '' and sauros meaning `` lizard '' ) is a genus of coelurosaurian
the species tyrannosaurus rex (rex meaning "king" in latin), commonly abbreviated to t. rex, is a fixture in popular culture.
it lived throughout what is now western north america, which then was an island continent that was named laramidia, with a much wider range than other tyrannosaurids.
fossils are found in a variety of rock formations dating to the maastrichtian age of the upper cretaceous period, 67 to 66  million years ago.
my name is paul lance tedrow.
i'm an university alumnus.
when i'm not globe trotting, i'm usually around ca.
i'm an avid photographer, content writer, blogger, web/graphic designer, and activist.
i've spent a good part of my life in less developed parts of the world as an educator and aid worker.
i enjoy capturing the world from my lens and i hope to begin sharing information and images here for the world to see
my name is paul lance t. i'm an indiana university alumnus.
when i'm not globe trotting, i'm usually around pasadena ca.
i'm an avid photographer, content writer, blogger, web/graphic designer, and activist.
i've spent a good part of my life in less developed parts of the world as an educator and aid worker.
i enjoy capturing the world from my lens and i hope to begin sharing information and images here for the world to see
alma allen .
eliane jeannin-garreau .
kitchen witch .
altar (wicca) .
- alma allen.
- eliane jeannin-garreau.
- kitchen witch.
- altar (wicca).
alma allen
eliane jeannin-garreau
kitchen witch
jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad , often abbreviated to `` jtj '' or shortened to tawhid and jihad , tawhid wal-jihad and sometimes tawhid al-jihad ( or just al tawhid or tawhid
he eventually returned to afghanistan, running an islamic militant training camp near herat.
originally , zarqawi started the network with the intention of overthrowing the kingdom of jordan , which he considered to be un-islamic via the 4 schools of sunni islamic jurisprudence
although unverified, his network may have been involved in the late 1999 plot to bomb the millennium celebrations in the united states and jordan.
zarqawi's operatives were also responsible for the assassination of u.s. diplomat laurence foley in jordan in 2002.
sheikh mohammed karakunnu (malayalam: ) is an indian islamic scholar and author from kerala, india.
he is the assistant amir of jamaat-e-islami hind, kerala chapter.
he authored more than sixty books and has delivered numerous speeches on islam, muslim and jamat-e-islami.he served as director of islamic publishing house, kerala.
sheikh abdur rahman al huthaify
this season sees australian national max grieve in the special guest segment.
2014 - the park opens for the 2014 season on may 23rd.
this will be the 122nd year for the park.
the park is currently undergoing the possibility of a tax sale in september, as the park owes more than $750,000 in overdue property taxes.
new castle is primarily served by five post-secondary education facilities : the new castle beauty school for cosmetology students in downtown , the new castle school of trades for technical
degrees in business , nursing , computers , and law careers ( located in cascade galleria ) , and the lawrence county branch of butler county community college , which
toboggan was the name of a steel roller coaster located at conneaut lake park in conneaut lake, pennsylvania.
the ride was removed from the park in september 2014. it was located just outside the midway area near the site of the former dreamland ballroom.
each car can hold two riders.
the ride was removed from the park in september 2014, after sitting sbno for seven years.
variable voltage or power ( wattage ) personal vaporizers are devices that contains a built in electronic chip that grants the user the ability to set the power that will
i think that the following paragraph should be refined:
i do n't care if it comes from a secondary source , describing a flavor as odd is a pov , especially when a quick internet search yield thousands of
a growing subclass of vapers assemble their atomizers in such a way that can they produce extremely large amounts of vapor , this practice is known as `` cloud-chasing ''
this practice stresses the batteries of pv's considerably more than what could be considered regular use and could represent a risk of dangerous battery failures.
as vaping comes under more and more scrutiny , some members of the vaping community have voiced their concerns about cloud-chasing claiming the practice gives vapers a bad reputation when
a growing subclass of vapers assemble their atomizers in such a way that can produce extremely large amounts of vapor , this practice is known as `` cloud-chasing '' and
this practice stresses the batteries of pv's considerably more than what could be considered regular use and could represent a risk of dangerous battery failures.
as vaping comes under more and more scrutiny , some members of the vaping community have voiced their concerns about cloud-chasing claiming the practice gives vapers a bad reputation when
i removed it because i believed the link to be out of context.
the article stated : `` the european parliament passed regulations in february 2014 requiring standardization of liquids and vaporizers `` the link leads to the broader world of vaporizer (
that is why i change the word vaporizer to "personal vaporizer" which is parenthesized in the opening of the article.
if i'm wrong, i have no problem reverting back.thenorlo (talk) 01:53, 5 june 2014 (utc)
i removed it because i believe the link to be out of context.
the article stated : `` the european parliament passed regulations in february 2014 requiring standardization of liquids and vaporizers `` the link leads to the broader world of vaporizer (
that is why i change the word vaporizer to "personal vaporizer" which is parenthesized in the opening of the article.
if i'm wrong, i have no problem reverting back.thenorlo (talk) 01:53, 5 june 2014 (utc)
a 45mm length, extra-long cartomizer
i am wondering if the use of this word belongs here : '' `` some research indicates that the health risks are much lower than regular cigarettes and similar to
zinsmeister was an embedded journalist during the 2003 invasion of iraq, and then served three additional months-long embeddings with combat units during the insurgency stage of the war.
he shot a documentary film about soldiers in iraq, called "warriors", which was funded by the corporation for public broadcasting and nationally broadcast by pbs.
in its review of the film, the new york times described it as "entirely compelling" and "resistant...to the conventions of war-is-hell reportage."
he has written and edited many books , including two of iraq war reporting , works on education , economics , and population trends , a storytelling cookbook , and
zinsmeister is a graduate of yale university where he studied history and was a member of manuscript society.
he also spent time as a special student at trinity college, dublin, in ireland.
he won college rowing championships in both the u.s. and ireland.
zinsmeister is married and has three children.
after leaving the white house , from 2009 to 2010 , zinsmeister became an executive with l. & j. g. stickley , an arts and crafts furniture manufacturing firm founded
in 2011, he wrote a white house memoir .
a storytelling cookbook , regional culture guide , and celebration of localism that he co-created with two of his three children , called finger lakes feast , was published in
this resulted in death of close to 44 people - majority of them are jamaat - shibir activists along with police and civil people.
in 2010 bangladesh government set up international crimes tribunal ( bangladesh ) to prosecute the people who collaborated with pakistan army by joining razakar , al-badr , and al-shams and
so far , among the verdicts that have been announced , abul kalam azad was sentenced to death for 8 charges , abdul quader mollah was sentenced to life imprisonment
in 2010 the bangladesh government , led by the awami league , set up an international crimes tribunal based on based on international crimes tribunal act 1973 to prosecute the
on february 18, the british foreign office minister, baroness sayeeda warsi, hailed the ongoing shahbagh square protest.
she described it as peaceful, productive and non-violent, unlike other protests in bangladesh.
just wanted to inform you that i have reinstated a valid reference that you removed from the historical context section.
please read the reference first before removing it.
thanks!
shantonu.hossain (talk) 16:48, 17 april 2013 (utc)
on may 5, 2013, hefajat arranged a siege and rally at the capital city, dhaka in the demand of their 13-points.
at least 4 people were killed during their violent protest.
they attacked the communist party of bangladesh's office at motijheel and burnt it.
the supporters of the hefajat-e islam vandalized and torched at least 50 vehicles and several buildings during their rally at motijheel.
a clash was also carried out by them in front of the ruling party awami league's headquarter at paltan, dhaka.
hefajat supporters set fire to book stores located beside the south gate of the national mosque baitul mukarram during their program.
they also assaulted two on-duty television journalists working for private channels before the rally.
because of their violent act during the rally , top leaders of the hefajat-e islam have been accused in 12 cases of murder , vandalism , arson and destruction of
hefajat activists continued to strike terror in narayanganj , hathazari and bagerhat on monday morning , hours after hefajat men were flushed out of the capitals motijheel area resulting death
eight of the ten most charitable states in the country are located in this region .
brown defeated two-term republican incumbent mike dewine in the 2006 senate election and was re-elected in 2012, defeating state treasurer josh mandel.
in the senate , he is chairman of the agriculture subcommittee on hunger , nutrition and family farms and the banking subcommittee on economic policy , and is also a
when not in washington d.c., sensenbrenner resides in menomonee falls.
his family also owns a summer home on pine lake in chenequa, wisconsin of which he holds a 25/44th interest in .
the assessor's estimated market value of his interest portion is $1,521,700: $852,152.00.
total real property: $2,360,675.00 per his financial net worth -- (extensions of remarks - july 18, 2014)
kildee is also a supporter of social justice.
he opposes homophobia, transphobia, otherkinphobia, and all other forms of bigotry.
countess elizabeth bthory de ecsed ( bthory erzsbet in hungarian ; 8 august 1560 21 august 1614 ) was a countess from the renowned bthory family of nobility in the
she has been labelled the most prolific female serial killer in history, though the precise number of her victims is debated.
bthory and four collaborators were accused of torturing and killing hundreds of girls between 1585 and 1610. despite the evidence against elizabeth , her family 's influence kept her from
she was imprisoned in december 1610 within csejte castle , upper hungary , now in slovakia , where she remained immured in a set of rooms until her death four
border south : missouri , kentucky , maryland , and delaware were states on the outer rim of the confederacy that did not secede from the united states , but
maryland was going to secede, but last minute appointments by abraham lincoln to the maryland state senate prevented it from occurring.
kentucky and missouri had confederate governments in exile and were represented in the confederate congress and by stars on the confederate battle flag.
now there is one, as there was a major rebuild of that article, but it uses the velocity-addition formula.
the approach in this article uses the lorentz transformation , which is more basic ( beginners first get used to the lorentz transformation ) and it has a second advantage
my article is n't intended to be a fork , it is intended to be an addition , mostly mathematical ( including a derivation of the approximate formula and calculations
is that interesting?
i think it is .
is it important enough to inflate the main article?
i think it is not.
perhaps wikibooks?
--abiltoc (talk) 21 : 15 , 22 may 2013 (utc)
i agree with you in one point: the articles shouldn't exist parallel to each other: my article is an additional article to the main article.
it's like a subpage.
i started the article in german well before 19 may ( 1 ) : at that time , there was n't a solid str derivation of the formula , neither
now there is one, as there was a major rebuild of that article, but it uses the velocity-addition formula.
the approach in this article uses the lorentz transformation , which is more basic ( beginners first get used to the lorentz transformation ) and it has a second advantage
my article is an addition, mostly mathematical, that includes the derivation of the approximate formula and sample calculations.
is that interesting?
i think it is!
is it important enough to inflate the main article?
i think it is not.
category: polsat
category: polsat
category:polish clothing
category:polish dances
category: polish diaspora organizations
category: polish diaspora organizations
category: polish diaspora organizations
kazakhstan
category:polish minority in germany
category:health disasters in poland
biaystok
category: greater poland
category: polish chronicles
category: american people of polish descent
mikoaj pac (1570-1624), bishop of mud
kazimierz micha pac (d. 1719), great notary of lithuania
prus
bobko was born in new york city, new york to a polish -american family.
he graduated from brooklyn technical high school , new york , then received a bachelor of science degree from the united states air force academy in 1959 and a master
bueng kluea ( salt lake or sea of isan ) : situated in tambon bueng klua , it is a large lake covering a total area of 7,500 rai ,
phra maha chedi chai mongkol , nong phok , located on 101 rai on the premises of wat pha namthip thep prasit vararam ; it measures 101 metres wide ,
in july 2011 he was released by melbourne, after the club had agreed to an unknown transfer fee for thailand premier league club buriram pea.
it was also claimed that sukha's family was not happy living in australia, and this had an impact on his decision to leave the victory.
it was reported that he gets 300,000 baht per month at buriram.
surat played for buriram in the 2012 afc champions league.
he also played in the 2013 afc champions league for buriram.
surat won the 2013 thai premier league with his team.
i am a 48-year-old american man with great interest in thailand, her people, culture , and language.
krouchon (talk) 15:41, 6 april 2014 (utc)
palad khik is a kind of thai amulet that is shaped like a penis.
the phrase "palad khik" means "honorable surrogate penis".
these amulets range from a few inches to several feet long in length.
the smaller versions are usually worn on the body while the larger versions are displayed in shops and other establishments.
the history of isan has been determined by its geography, situated as it is on the korat plateau between cambodia, laos and thailand.
today , the site of old isanapura contains the ruins of 150 temples and buildings , which are a few centuries older than that of the khmer empire around angkor
during the vietnam war, some of these temples were completely destroyed by us bombers.
further damage was done by vandals, dealers in old relics, and the khmer rouge.
this drove the maenads wild.
led by agave , his mother , they forced the trapped pentheus down from the tree top , ripped off his limbs , his head , and tore his body
after the messenger has relayed this news, agave arrives, carrying her son's head.
in her possessed state, she believes it is the head of a mountain lion.
she proudly displays it to her father, cadmus, and is confused when he does not delight in her trophy, and his face instead contorts in horror.
agave then calls out for pentheus to come marvel at her feat and nail the head above her door so she can show it to all of thebes.
but dionysus' possession begins to wear off, and cadmus forces her to recognize what she's done.
as the play ends, the corpse of pentheus is reassembled, as well as is possible, the royal family is devastated and destroyed.
agave and her sisters are sent into exile, and dionysus decrees that cadmus and his wife harmonia will be turned into snakes and lead an army against greece.
modern versions
the bacchae has been the subject of widely varying interpretations regarding what the play as a whole means , or enan indeed whether there is a moral to the story
at one time the interpretation that prevailed was that the play was an expression of euripides religious devotion , as though after a life of being critical of the greek
then , at the end of the 19th century the opposite idea began to take hold ; it was thought that euripides was doing with the bacchae what he has
disgraced is a 2012 play by novelist and screenwriter ayad akhtar.
it premiered in chicago and has had off-broadway and off west end engagements.
the play, which won the 2013 pulitzer prize for drama, will open on broadway at the lyceum theater, with previews beginning september 27, 2014 .
disgraced has also been recognized with a 2012 joseph jefferson award for new work play or musical and a 2013 obie award for playwriting.
it is akhtar's first stage play.
hubris (, also hybris, from ancient greek ) means extreme pride or self-confidence .
sunil is seen walking in moonlight, where he meets a girl (juhi chawla).
some time later, sunil and the girl are seen walking in the moonlight and talking merrily.
anthony and bosco , two criminals who had seen sunil and his group 's show , see sunil with the new girl and break the fourth wall saying that sunil
the criminals hear a police siren and scamper away.
deepika padukone was finally signed on for the film in august 2012, as confirmed by ranveer singh.
singh, who is playing a gujarati boy, had to learn some gujarati abuses as well as gain muscle for his character in the film.
the first look of the film shows padukone sporting a 30 kg ghaghra with a 50 metre 'ghera'.
richa chadda of gangs of wasseypur fame is also signed on to play a significant role in the film , whereas shweta salve plays a supporting role opposite abhimanyu shekhar
designer sabyasachi mukherjee , who previously worked with bhansali in black , was hired initially for the costumes of the leading lady , but was later replaced by anju modi
maxima basu is the costume designer for ranveer singh and rest of the principal cast.
maxima basu has previously designed costumes for peepli live.
priyanka chopra was confirmed for a special song in the film.
deepika padukone was finally signed on for the film in august 2012, as confirmed by ranveer singh.
singh, who is playing a gujarati boy, had to learn some gujarati abuses as well as gain muscle for his character in the film.
the first look of the film shows padukone sporting a 30 kg ghaghra with a 50 metre 'ghera'.
richa chadda of gangs of wasseypur fame is also signed on to play a significant role , casting by shruti mahajan in the film whereas barkha bisht plays a supporting
designer sabyasachi mukherjee , who previously worked with bhansali in black , was hired initially for the costumes of the leading lady , but was later replaced by anju modi
maxima basu is the costume designer for ranveer singh and rest of the principal cast.
maxima basu has previously designed costumes for peepli live.
the ioa will only organize the multi-sporting event, a remark which appeared to stem from the experience of 2010 commonwealth games corruption scandal.
new delhi is considered as potential indian host.
downplayed the chance due to short of expertise and manpower to organize .
this movie's plot revolves around a joseph alex i.a.s (mammootty) in the lead role.
a pakistan military group under maj. abu jalal rana trespasses indian waters targeting new delhi.
the plan is intercepted by dr. emma john of intelligence wing who informs it to her senior padmabhushan dr sudarshan (nedumudi venu).
though dr. sudarshan tries to contact home minister , his secretary ( sreekumar ) snubs him by saying that its crazy to wake the minister up late at night and
dr sudarshan offers dr emma a ride back home as it is too late for her to catch the metro train.
kishore balakrishnan ( vijay menon ) , the senior analyst at the agency , is seen pushing the mobile jamming button and calling swamini bodheswari who was calling an income
on the way back home, dr sudarshan and emma is chased and pulled over by two cops who shoots them down.
unbeknownst to them, imran, a photo journalist manages to click the pictures in his camera.
the cops take with them some documents before leaving the crime scene where they are joined by shankar ramdas (devan), a senior police officer.
kishore sets off to see swami chandramoulishwar (saikumar)at his ashram demanding rs 2 cr for the information he passed before.
but swami suffocates him till he passes out before pushing him to yamuna.
the bodies of dr sudarshan and emma are found next day on the banks of river yamuna in an intimate position.
a few meters away another dead body of kishore is found drifting.
police concludes that kishore who was madly in love with dr emma john killed both dr sudarshan and herself out of jealousy and then killed himself by drowning in the
raman madhavan (cherthala jayan), the director of nid pays a visit to swami chandramowlishar's ashram where he is met with some foreign arm traders.
they conclude that if the pm is alive the deal wont take off and it has become highly necessary for the pm to give way for raman madhavan.
arizonian tires (discount/america's tire private label manufactured by kelly tire)
arizonian tires (discount/america's tire private label manufactured by kelly tire)
discount/america's tire will dispose of any old tires for a small fee .
products,services , and warranties
certificates for free replacement
discount/america's tire does not offer any mileage warranties on tires sold beyond that of the tire manufacturers mileage warranty.
in the case of a mileage warranty claim the tire must be worn beyond 3/32ths of tread and have been determined to not have met the mileage warranty in question
as a certified dealer of every brand sold through discount/america's tire it is at the discretion of the sales associate if a mileage warranty claim is eligible.
the tire must be worn evenly across and not have any indications of irregular or premature tread wear caused by improper inflation , misalignment , imbalance of wheels , worn
if it is determined that the claim is eligible for a refund the sales associate will electronically contact the manufacturer with the claim and the manufacturer will issue the pro-rated
at this time discount/america's tire will refund the customer the money and send the warrantied tires back to the manufacturer to receive the money they refunded the customer.
riken
uniroyal
veento
vision
vogue
west lake
yokohama ==
yokohama
however , others see these reforms as a move to privatise a public university , as part of the previous congress-led upa government 's agenda to enable foreign universities to
they instead stressed upon the need for greater public policy and regulation in the education system .
the fyup row is part of several ongoing protests against the implementation of certain controversial reforms at the university of delhi.
the protests intensified between 2013 and 2014, when a new four year undergraduate programme was started by the administrative authorities at the university.
in june 2014 , the university grants commission ( india ) sent a legal notice to the management , directing the university to immediately scrap the four year programme and
linguistics is a research-intensive field that is focussed on the scientific study of language.
there are broadly three aspects to the study, which include language form, language meaning, and language in context.
the earliest known activities in the description of language have been attributed to pini around 500 bce, with his analysis of sanskrit in ashtadhyayi.
in the 20th century, language began to be understood as an interplay of sound and meaning.
the discipline of phonetics was formulated to study linguistic sound , and is concerned with the actual properties of speech sounds and non-speech sounds , and how they are produced
semantics and pragmatics deal with the study of language meaning , on the other hand , and are concerned with how languages employ logic and real-world references to convey ,
while the study of semantics is concerned with how meaning is inferred from words and concepts, pragmatics deals with how meaning is inferred from context.
this popular understanding of language structure took off with the prague school and the russian formalists , and with mikhail bakhtin 's structural analysis of narrative , for instance ,
please circulate among the academic fraternity for further editing .
heartily (talk) 22:01, 30 june 2014 (utc)
in the 20th century, language began to be understood as an interplay of sound and meaning.
the discipline of phonetics was formulated to study linguistic sound , and is concerned with the actual properties of speech sounds and non-speech sounds , and how they are produced
the study of language meaning , on the other hand , deals with how languages employ logic and real-world references to convey , process , and assign meaning , as
while the study of semantics is concerned with how meaning is inferred from words and concepts, pragmatics deals with how meaning is inferred from context.
most recently, she donated $5 million to establish the adrienne arsht musical theater fund at the kennedy center to support a wide variety of musical theater productions.
arsht is a member of the board of the lincoln center of the performing arts , the metropolitan opera , , lapham 's quarterly , the atlantic council , and
she is a member of the fine arts committee of the u.s. state department , the council on foreign relations , and is president of the vice president 's residence
in 2002, after the death of her parents , arsht created the arsht-cannon fund through the delaware community foundation.
since its creation the arsht-cannon fund has given $ 4.5 million to non-profit organizations in delaware , $ 2 million of which have been specifically attributed to programs centered on
in may 2010, under arsht's direction, the fund pledged $300,000 over three years to bring the nemours foundation brightstart!
dyslexia initiative to delaware.
the program is aimed at improving the reading and writing skills of young children and identifying those with learning disabilities at an early age.
arsht is a member of the board of the lincoln center for the performing arts , the metropolitan opera , , lapham 's quarterly , the atlantic council , and
she is a member of the fine arts committee of the u.s. state department , the council on foreign relations , and is president of the vice president 's residence
arsht is widely known for her $30 million contribution to miamis performing arts center in 2008. this allowed the center to become financially stable.
in her honor , the former carnival center for the performing arts was renamed `` the adrienne arsht center for the performing arts of miami-dade county '' , or the
she currently serves as founding chairman of the adrienne arsht center foundation.
in miami , arsht is also a member of the board and trustee emerita of the university of miami as well as a board member for the non-profit organization ,
in january 2009, the chronicle of philanthropy ranked arsht number 39 on its 2008 americas 50 biggest donors list.
arsht is widely known for her $30 million contribution to miamis performing arts center in 2008. this allowed the center to become financially stable.
in her honor , the former carnival center for the performing arts was renamed `` the adrienne arsht center for the performing arts of miami-dade county '' , or the
she currently serves as founding chairman of the adrienne arsht center foundation.
in miami , arsht is also a member of the board and trustee emerita of the university of miami , as well as a board member for the non-profit organization
visitors will enjoy direct sight lines from each of the 12,000 seats and the acoustics will be of the highest standard.
the contract to build the hydro was awarded to lend lease by the scottish exhibition & conference centre limited (secl).
this represents the latest development on a site which already includes the scottish exhibition and conference centre ( secc ) and the clyde auditorium ( known locally as the armadillo
the venue was originally scheduled to open on 15 september 2013, with a concert by andrea bocelli .
this was rescheduled for november due to construction issues at the site.
further productions were cancelled, resulting in plans for the venue to open with a concert by rod stewart on 30 september.
hotel services: accommodations include 170 rooms total, the majority with a view of the baltic sea.
there are 100 standard rooms, 67 superior rooms, and three suites thst include personal saunas.
spa services: the "big pool" is indoor, and kept at 30c (86f).
typically this pool generates waves once every hour.
the outdoor pool is kept to a temperature of 15c (59f)
'restaurants: " there are three restaurants in eden: 'restaurant maisema", "lobby bar ara", and "pool bar . "
the effect of radiation on perceived temperature explains many phenomena , including why houses feel colder in the winter and warmer in the summer , even though the thermostat reads
this is due to a radiation effect which results from radiation heat exchange between our bodies and the surrounding surfaces of the walls and the ceiling.
the heat exchange in the environment is in a steady state, meaning that there is a constant flow of heat either into or out of the house.
mff is also known for its place in the broadway community where actors and dancers train for the physical demands of performing.
approximately two-thirds of their clientele are involved in entertainment, approximately half of which are performers, including several tony award winners , such as , .
mff is also known for its place in the broadway community where actors and dancers train for the physical demands of performing.
approximately two-thirds of their clientele are involved in entertainment , approximately half of which are performers , including several tony award winners , such as billy porter , patina miller
tsunomi's familiarwho has the appearance of a chicken .
tsunomi's familiar who has the appearance of a chicken.
magic-prohibition law
article 8: if a familiar breaks the law , the owner is held responsible.
she is cecil's mother and is currently on a death row , because of an incident which happened six years ago.
during that time megumi and her daughter were held hostages by a group of criminals in kyosuke oda's house.
arriving home, the inspector opens fire and a stray bullet accidently pierced cecil.
attention effects bias the internal weight (strengthens connections) of task relevant features toward the attended object.
this was shown by reddy, kanwisher, and van rullen who found an increase in oxygenated blood to a specific neuron following a locational cue .
further neurological support comes from neurophysiological studies which have shown that attention results from top -down biasing, which in turn influences neuronal spiking .
in sum, external inputs affect the top -down guidance of attention, which bias specific neurons in the brain.
since the development of biased competition theory much research has been undertaken to validate the theorys ideas .
bottom-up processes are characterized by an absence of higher level direction in sensory processing.
it primarily relies on sensory information and incoming sensory information is the starting point for all bottom -up processing.
bottom-up refers to when a feature stands out in a visual search.
this is commonly called the pop-out effect .
salient features like bright colors, movement and big objects make the object pop-out of the visual search.
pop-out features can often attract attention without conscious processing.
objects that stand out are often given priority (bias) in processing.
bottom - up processing is data driven, and according to this stimuli are perceived on the basis of the data which is being experienced through the senses .
neurophysiology studies have showed that the neural mechanisms in top-down processing are also seen in attention and working memory , suggesting top-down processes play an important role in those functions
additionally, top-down processes can modulate bottom-up processes by suppressing the pop-out features of bottom -up processing from distracting from the visual search.
fmri studies have investigated the top -down and bottom -up processes involved in biased competition theory .
results of fmri suggest that both bottom-up and top-down processes work in parallel to bias competition .
multiple studies have shown that stimuli in the visual field suppress each other when presented together, but not when each stimulus is presented alone.
kastner and colleagues also found that directing attention to the specific location of a stimulus reduces the suppressive effect.
grocoff is known for his rehabilitation of the victorian-era mission zero house in ann arbor, michigan.
built in 1901, the home is considered the oldest home in america to achieve net zero energy.
the atlantic magazine called the work "sustainable perfection."
.
when the grocoffs purchased the home in 2006 , it had asbestos siding , lead paint , zero insulation and a gas powered mueller climatrol furnace from 1957. the home
grocoff is a contributor to the radio show the environment report produced by michigan radio ( part of the npr network ) , fox news energy team and was host
.
he advocates for modernized distributed renewable energy networks and distributed water and wastewater systems that work with natural systems.
grocoff called the home `` mission zero house '' in honor of ray_anderson_ ( entrepreneur ) , founder and chairman of interface , inc. , who , in 1994 ,
grocoff first gained national attention for his rehabilitation of the victorian-era mission zero house in ann arbor, michigan.
built in 1901, the home is considered the oldest home in america to achieve net zero energy.
the atlantic magazine called the work "sustainable perfection."
.
the home is featured on the cover of the book no regrets remodeling: how to create a comfortable, healthy home that saves energy.
matthew grocoff is an american environmentalist, sustainability advocate, living building challenge ambassador, writer, speaker and founding principal of the thrive collaborative .
the term encompasses more specific phenomena such as the observer-expectancy effect and the clever hans effect, and is related to the pygmalion effect in teaching.
bias can take many forms , including the manipulation of participants through unconscious suggestion , selection of participants who are more likely to exhibit the expected behaviour , and biased
experimenter bias has been demonstrated in both human and animal studies.
experimenter bias has been repeatedly demonstrated as an issue affecting scientific research since at least the early 20th century.
an early example is the debunking of n-ray theory, a subjective phenomenon that relied entirely on biased experiments.
in 1903 french physicist prosper-ren blondlot believed he had identified a novel form of radiation, n-rays, that emanated from most substances.
upon replication , many other researchers reported similar findings , and it was not until physicist robert w. wood published a thorough debunking in the journal ' nature ' that
wood concluded that physicists worldwide had reported finding an entirely fictional form of radiation, simply because they were looking for it.
experimenter bias has been repeatedly demonstrated as an issue affecting scientific research since at least the early 20th century.
an early example is the debunking of n-ray theory, a subjective phenomenon that relied entirely on biased experiments.
in 1903 french physicist prosper-ren blondlot believed he had identified a novel form of radiation, n-rays, that emanated from most substances.
upon replication , many other researchers reported similar findings , and it was not until physicist robert w. wood published a thorough debunking in the journal nature that n-ray theory
wood concluded that physicists worldwide had reported finding an entirely fictional form of radiation, simply because they were looking for it.
in research, experimenter bias refers to any situation where the outcome of a study has been influenced by the expectations of a researcher.
the term encompasses more specific phenomena such as the observer-expectancy effect and the clever hans effect, and is related to the pygmalion effect.
bias can take many forms , including the manipulation of participants through unconscious suggestion , selection of participants who are more likely to exhibit the expected behaviour , and biased
experimenter bias has been demonstrated in both human and animal studies.
bias in data analysis and interpretation may be combated in other ways, though.
in research that requires statistical analysis of the data , deciding on the statistical tests to be used a priori can reduce the danger of choosing only analyses likely to
in 1901 carnegie sold his operations to u.s. steel.
on january 6, 1906 it was announced that the company would undergo upgrades and expansions worth seven million dollars ( $ today . )
the workforce peaked at 15,000 during world war ii.
the plant closed in 1986.
there was a bitter strike at the plant in 1892, although carnegie is recognized as a philanthropist and built a library at homestead in 1896.
in 1901 carnegie sold his operations to u.s. steel.
on january 6, 1906 it was announced that the company would undergo upgrades and expansions worth seven million dollars ($ today.)
the workforce peaked at 15,000 during world war ii.
william j. gaughan was a senior designer of operations planning and control at the company who developed computer systems to aid in automation of various operations.
throughout his management career gaughan had developed an interest in the history of homestead steel works and began to collect photos and pamphlets regarding the company.
the plant closed in 1986.
{{infobox military conflict
digital .library.pitt.edu/ images / pittsburgh / cox.html historic photos from the james r. cox collection at the university of pittsburgh
after the presidential election of 1932, cox continued his relief work and was a member of the pennsylvania commission for the unemployed.
in the mid-1930s, roosevelt appointed him to the state recovery board of the national recovery administration.
james cox became known as pittsburgh's "pastor of the poor".
after every four years, an extra day is added, and the year has 366 days.
this is a leap year.
the earth is , on average , 150 million kilometers away from the sun , and moving at a speed of 30 kilometers a second or 108,000 miles an hour
the moon orbits the earth at an average distance of 250,000 miles.
it is tidally locked to earth, which means it always has the same side facing the earth.
it takes roughly one month to complete one orbit.
the earth is part of the solar system and orbits the sun along with thousands of small objects and eight planets.
the sun , and therefore the solar system , are currently traveling through the orion arm of the milky way galaxy and will be for approximately the next 10,000 years
range operations directorate establishes and implements policies , programs , and procedures , coordinates range operations and data measurements and has complete flight safety control for all missiles , rockets
materiel test directorate provides evaluation of systems , materiel and equipment through field and laboratory testing and sponsors testing for department of defense ( dod ) , foreign , space
some of the systems they have tested include : stinger , terminal high altitude area defense ( thaad ) , patriot , multiple launch rocket system ( mlrs ) ,
in addition , they tested the future combat system ( fcs ) , a highly integrated structure of manned and unmanned , air and ground assets connected by a distributed
the white sands test center (wstc) is responsible for planning and conducting tests at white sands missile range (wsmr), new mexico, usa.
wstc reports to the united states army test and evaluation command (atec).
wsmr is designated as an activity within the department of defense ( dod ) major range and test facility base ( mrtfb ) , a core set of dod test
the range possesses capabilities and infrastructure utilized by the us army , navy , air force and other government agencies as well as universities , private industry , and foreign
as a tri-service facility ( army , navy , and airforce ) , wstc supports the army by providing data collection and analysis , instrumentation development , modeling and simulation
survivability, vulnerability, and assessment operations
information management operations
i have been using an online ancestry program to map and document baber 's research and it appears to be very prcise and connect the dots of controversy ( who
abraham lincoln stating he should have been named "abraham abraham" which could refer to abrahams on both sides of his family ) .
i spent some time reading various books and literature and baber's work is far above the rest and in fact is included in the lincoln presidential library.
my question therefore is, did the author of this article read this resource and make an analytical decision to disregard it or has this information not been reviewed?
i do have to tell you that i am a descendant of abraham hanks of whom baber concludes is the father of nancy hanks , but only learned of this
it is an honor if it is true; however, most importantly it needs to be proven.
the 1989 kosovo miners ' strike was a hunger strike initiated by the workers of the trepa mines on 20 february 1989 against the abolition of the autonomy of the
the strike quickly gained support in slovenia and croatia, while in belgrade protests were held against the slovenian, albanian and croatian leaderships.
the strike council articulated ten requirements , which included obeying the 1974 constitution , stopping the shovinist and hegemonistic politics of the time , having no single leader that would
trepa once accounted for 70 percent of kosovo 's gross domestic product , but since the war ended in 1999 , the partition of mitrovica between serbs and ethnic albanians
the trepa mining complex is derelict in a failing state that has immense potential , but has so far been ignored by serious investors due to a myriad of reasons
the mine effectively went out of production as a result of the 1999 civil war and has been rumored to be part of the reason for the conflict in the
its economy is in dire straits and there are few options to improve it.
trepa , despite its problems, provides one of the few significant development opportunities.
the facility needs major upgrades , especially if kosovan membership in the eu is on the horizon , but the mineral reserves are great enough to offset the start-up costs
most importantly, a reactivated trepa would provide several thousand jobs and increase kosovos foreign exchange.
it is estimated that the necessary improvements would cost between 15 and 30 million us dollars.
this would be justifiable if full scale mining where to return as a 2001 unmik report said that 29,000,000 tonnes of mine-run ore at grades varying from 3.40 to 3.45
to make use of trepa foreign investment is required.
since financial means to upgrade the mines facilities themselves are absent and
according to the minerals and mining committee , trepa has 14700 million tons of lignite reserves used for energy production in kosovo , making it the fifth country in the
actinolite arsenopyrite in trepa
aragonitebarite - trepa
chalcedonypyrrhotinte - trepa
covellitegalena and pyrrhotite- trepa
by the fourth book, ripred has been giving gregor regular echolocation lessons that do little good and often end up in the rat insulting gregor.
when gregor meets ripred in the cave under the human city of regalia for his lesson one day, he has brought along the bane.
which has now reached a stage in its growth like adolescence.
when gregor and other characters find ripred being starved in a deep pit in rat territory later, his front teeth locked together painfully.
ripred tells them that he was put there on the bane 's orders and he occumpanies the group through other dangerous lands as they attempt to rescue the nibblers ,
warmblod now a bloodborne death,
the kite sail concept has recently received a lot of interest.
this rig consists of flying a gigantic kite from the bow of a ship using the traction developed by the kite to assist in pulling the ship through the water
other concepts that have been explored were designed to have the kite rig alternately pull out and retract on a reel driving a generator.
the kite used in this setup is similar to the kites used by recreational kiteboarders, only on a much larger scale.
this design also allows users to expand its scale by flying multiple kites in a stacked arrangement.
the idea of using kites is currently the most popular form of wind assisted propulsion on commercial ships , largely due to the low cost of retrofitting the system to
this system also allows a large amount of automation using computer controls to determine the ideal kite angle and position.
using a kite allows the capture of wind at greater altitudes where wind speed is higher and more consistent .
this system has seen use on several ships recently with the most notable being the ms beluga skysails , a merchant ship chartered by the us military sealift command to
the third design considered is the flettner rotor.
this is a large cylinder mounted upright on a ships deck and mechanically spun.
the effect of this spinning area in contact with the wind flowing around it creates a thrust effect that is used to propel the ship.
flettner rotors were invented in the 1920's and have seen limited use since then.
in 2010 a 10,000 dwt cargo ship was equipped with four flettner rotors to evaluate their role in increasing fuel efficiency.
the only parameter of the flettner rotor requiring control is the speed of the rotors rotation, so this method of wind propulsion requires very little operator input.
in comparison to kite sails , flettner rotors offer very similar efficiency gains depending on the size of sail used vs. size of the rotor .
the efficiency gains of these three propulsion assistance mechanisms are typically around 15-20 % ( seems vague , are your inferring 15-20 % fuel cost savings , or the amount
depending on the size of the sails.
the main reason for the use of these mechanisms not being more widespread is mostly that shipping companies are unwilling to install untested equipment.
a dexter board game created by gdc-gamedevco ltd was released on september 30, 2010.
the transmission control protocol ( tcp ) is one of the two original core protocols of the internet protocol suite ( ip ) , and is so common that the
tcp provides reliable, ordered, error-checked delivery of a stream of octets between programs running on computers connected to an intranet or the public internet.
it resides at the transport layer
animal diversity is modest , as a result of factors including the island 's small land area , the relatively recent age of the habitats developed since the last ice
great britain also experienced early industrialisation and is subject to continuing urbanisation, which have contributed towards the overall loss of species.
a defra ( department for environment , food and rural affairs ) study from 2006 suggested that 100 species have become extinct in the uk during the 20th century ,
however, some species, such as the brown rat, red fox, and introduced grey squirrel, are well adapted to urban areas.
fork (operating system), a method of creating new processes as a copy of another one
there is this article called bloody christmas (1963) which is totally biased.
first of all, the article is abundant of non npov language.
the lead says that this is the headpoint of the tension between the greek cypriots and the turkish cypriots and that it was a campaign of the g/c against the
who is to blame for the cypriot intercommunal violence is highly disputed and yet this article simplifies it as `` the beginning of a military campaign initiated by greek cypriots
secondly , the whole article exists to blame one side for the cypriot intercommunal violence reiterating facts said on the cypriot intercommunal violence article or adding 1-2 more extra sentences
i see the article as a pure pov fork since it repeats facts/opinions of 1 side from the cypriot intercommunal violence article and adds them up to force a point
let alone the fact that the name bloody christmas is not a widely used name and that 2 sources are added for the same sentence so they pile up.
i would suggest that the article is merged into the cypriot intercommunal violence so that the 2-3 non npov sentences are added to that while neutrality is maintained bu i
also, not many people seem to participate in the article's expansion and talk page
greek cypriot leader tassos papadopoulos , reported on an interview that no turkish cypriots were killed between 1963 to 1974. this claim found reaction in the greek and turkish cypriot
owned or managed 259 rental units.
this is the answer to everything
the homeownership center invests its resources in helping customers cover down payments , the closing costs , and post-purchase rehabiliatation projects that first time home buyers may need help covering
in 2008, rupco was able to utlize its 1.8 million dollars in funds to help 35 first time home buyers, as well as rehab 75 homes.
the number of people that rupco has been able to help has grown in recent years.
in 2010 rupco was able to help 55 different people purchase a home for the first time.
the homeownership center invests its resources in helping customers cover down payments , the closing costs , and post-purchase rehabiliatation projects that first time home buyers may need help covering
in 2008 , rupco was able to utlize its 1.8 million dollars in funds to help 35 people become home owners for the first time , as well as rehab
the number of people that rupco has been able to help has grown in recent years.
in 2010 rupco was able to help 55 different people purchase a home for the first time.
2012, kadist art foundation, founded by matteo lucchetti, paris, france, 2012
hi,my actual name is eason heng .
i am from an asian country, malaysia |malaysia.
i lived in setar,darul aman .
i'm a 15-year-old boy and i like to play video games , swim ,watch movies,and sleep .
find me on facebook!
the earth is the third planet from the sun.
it is one of the four terrestrial planets in our solar system.
this means most of its mass is solid.
the other three are mercury, mars, and venus.
the earth is also called the blue planet, planet earth, and terra.
the name marloth park derives from a german botanist, robert marloth.
the aloe marlothii was named after him .
this plant is found abundantly in the lowveld.
marloth park
the name marloth park derives from a german botanist, rudolf marloth.
the aloe marlothii was named after him.
education
cuts: a traditional sculpture (2011), was created as a response to a commission by los angeles contemporary exhibitions (lace).
as inspiration, it drew on eleanor antin's carving: a traditional sculpture, 1972 and lynda benglis's 1974 artforum magazine intervention advertisement.
over 23 weeks cassils followed a body building regime to alter his body 's shape , an exercise plan which included consuming the caloric intake of 190-pound male athlete and
the documentation of the process involved a two-channel video installation, a pin-up, a photographic series and a zine called ladyface// manbody.
heather cassils , often referred to simply as cassils , is a performance artist , body builder and personal trainer , originally from montreal , canada and now based in
saw island was opened in 2009 to complement one ride: saw the ride.
it has since been joined by a fright nights horror maze with live actors and scary effects saw alive(the attractions are inspired by the movie saw).
colossus, an intamin multi-looping roller-coaster with 10 inversions .
it held the record of most inversions on a steel roller coaster from 2002 to 2013 .
{| class="wikitable" style="width: 100 %; font-size: 95%;"
!
style="background:#ffdead; width: 1.5em ;"| #
!
style="background:#ffdead; width: 16em ;"| name
!
style="background:#ffdead; width: 4em ;"| opened
!
style="background:#ffdead; width: 12em ;"| park area
!
joseph tsang mang kin civil status name : tsang fan hin tsang mang kin born 12th march 1938 , is a mauritian poet , political scientist , philosopher and biographer
a former diplomat and ex-politician ; secretary general of the mauritius labor party and minister of arts and culture , he currently operates as a panel member of the african
in 1996, he was made chevalier (knight) of the ordre des palmes acadmiques
joseph tsang mang kin civil status name : tsang fan hin tsang mang kin born 12th march 1938 , is a mauritian poet , political scientist , philosopher and biographer
a former diplomat and ex-politician ; secretary general of the mauritius labor party , member of the parliament and minister of arts and culture , he currently operates as a
joseph tsang mang kin civil status name : tsang fan hin tsang mang kin born 12th march 1938 , is a mauritian poet , political scientist , philosopher and biographer
a former diplomat and ex-politician ; secretary general of the mauritius labor party , member of the parliament and minister of arts and culture , he currently operates as a
from april 2009 to april 2011, he was appointed visiting professor at the hakka institute of jia ying university in meixian, guangzhou.
joseph tsang mang kin was brought up in a totally hakka environment and attended the chinese middle school in china town , port-louis , mauritius , from 1942 to 1946.
he introduced the celebration of the music day and the creators and performers day.
he renovated the paintings of liuk chey sin , founder of chinese presence in mauriitus and builder of kwan tee pagoda , and of affan tankwen , first and second
the seventh and subsequent aircraft would be the first optimized 787-8s and were expected to meet all goals, with boeing working on weight reductions.
as part of this process, boeing redesigned some parts and made more use of lighter titanium.
boeing had originally planned for a first flight by the end of august 2007 and premiered the first 787 at a rollout ceremony on july 8 , 2007. the aircraft
although intended to shorten the production process , 787 subcontractors initially had difficulty completing the extra work because they could not procure the needed parts and perform the subassembly on
airlines , including united airlines and air india , have stated their intentions to seek compensation from boeing for the delays.
bacalov recently composed cantones de nuestro tiempos ( psalms for our times : the cambridge psalms ) , a commissioned work with text from the psalms of david for baritone
two of his songs, "the grand duel (parte prima)" and "summertime killer", were used in quentin tarantino's film kill bill.
tarantino also chose three bacalov songs for his movie , django unchained : django, his name was king, and la corsa (2nd version)( .
bacalov recently composed cantones de nuestro tiempos ( psalms for our times : the cambridge psalms ) , a commissioned work with text from the psalms of david for baritone
two of his songs, "the grand duel (parte prima)" and "summertime killer", were used in quentin tarantino's film kill bill.
tarantino also chose three bacalov songs for his movie, django unchained: django, his name was king, and la corsa (2nd version) .
in 1206 , the crusaders subdued the livonian stronghold in turaida on the right bank of gauja river , the ancient trading route to the northwestern rus.
in order to gain control over the left bank of gauja , the stone castle was built in sigulda before 1210. by 1211 , the livonian province of metsepole (
the last battle against the livonians was the siege of satezele hillfort near to sigulda in 1212. the livonians , who had been paying tribute to the east slavic principality
the first prominent livonian to be christened was their leader caupo of turaida.
as the german grip tightened, the livonians rebelled against the crusaders and the christened chief , but were put down.
caupo of turaida remained an ally of the crusaders until his death in the battle of st. matthew's day in 1217.
on march 4 , 2013 , travel site skift news reported that the bbc was negotiating a sale of its majority stake in lonely planet to kentucky billionaire brad kelley
kentucky is also home to the highest per capita number of deer and turkey in the united states , the largest free-ranging elk herd east of the mississippi river ,
the game puts emphasis on killing a large number of opponents while engaging in acrobatic moves.
in its story and setting , wet has a tarantinoesque feel with a style reminiscent of 1970s films , and follows heroine rubi malone ( voiced by actress eliza dushku
wets title derives from the euphemism "wet work"a messy job or task that involves one's hands becoming wet with blood.
in digital photography , medium format refers either to cameras adapted from medium format film photography uses , or to cameras making use of sensors larger than that of a
often , medium format film cameras can be retrofitted with digital camera backs , converting them to digital cameras , but some of these digital backs , especially early models
as of 2013 , medium format digital photography sensors were available in sizes of up to 40 .3 by 53 .7 mm , with 60 million pixels for use with
sensors used in special applications such as spy satellites can be even larger, but are not necessarily described as medium format equipment.
sensor = 35.8 mm 23.
9  mm exmor cmos sensor|
practices of domination common to many bdsm and other various sexual relationships are also prevalent , such as various forms of body worship , cock and ball worship , ass
the name translates as 'she who traverses the sky ' or 'she who moves in space ' or , more poetically , as 'sky walker ' or 'sky dancer '
she is also a kind of wisdom queen ( ch : `` mng fi ) that is hugged by a male deity in yab-yum ( tibetan literally , `` father-mother
silver sable: in the what if?
storyline what if spider-man had married the black cat .
after black cat is accidentally killed by the paladin , silver sable and spider-man enter into a romantic relationship due to their shared grief over the loss of their loved
incidentally, the 616 version of sable recently displayed romantic interest towards spider-man.
silver sable: in the what if?
storyline what if spider-man had married the black cat .
after black cat is accidentally killed by the paladin , silver sable and spider-man enter into a romantic relationship due to their shared grief over the loss of their loved
aktuelleversion = 1.0
aktuelleversionfreigabedatum = 01.01.2013
aktuellevorabversion = n/a
aktuellevorabversionfreigabedatum = n/a
pienes work is both alluring and strange, where morbidity and affection always meet on a shared plane.
pienes contour drawings of women reimagined their subjects as hybrid creatures, part skeleton, part siren.
these works knitted together the outlines of overlying flesh and underlying bone, blurring sex and death, ecstasy and dissolution.
her self-contained and self-absorbed figures had neither the tortured individuality of egon schieles nudes nor the persuasive humanity of james ensors elegantly attired skeletons.
technically and formally stunning, her drawings were both operatic and somehow inert.pienes latest efforts are more complex and engaging.
the renderings are smaller and looser, with figures jumbled together and obscured by calligraphic markings and frenzied cross-outs.
skeletons appear alongside bodies, but in less- mannered juxtapositions.
accompanying these works are sculptures created with clay and casts of human skulls.
her drawings consist of very fine drawn charcoal lines that form figures and limbs.
these figures exist somewhere between life and death, between lust and transience.
both the sculptures and the drawings appear to have been formed through the uncontrolled and chaotic intuition of the artist.
kate gilmore is a fine artist working in multiple areas of mediums like video, sculpture, photography, and performance.
born in washington, d.c., gilmore attended undergrad school in 1997 at bates college in lewiston, maine.
(1975) kate gilmore is a fine artist working in multiple areas of mediums like video, sculpture, photography, and performance.
born in washington, d.c., gilmore attended undergrad school in 1997 at bates college in lewiston, maine.
gilmore received her masters of fine arts in 2002 from school of visual arts in new york gilmore 's work deals with feminine ideas embossing her own physicality and critiques
gilmore currently lives and works out of new york city, ny
challenging herself with absurd acts, gilmore's work consist of the artist herself dressed in overtly feminine clothing taking on these challenges.
described as messy and chaotic , gilmore 's work gives a contemporary revision on feminine and hardcore performances that started in the 1960 's and 70 's with artists like
yoworld allows facebook members to create a virtual person and homes.
it also allows the player to decorate their apartment or home with furniture , change their look in the clothing store , work in the factory for virtual coins ,
the game allows you to purchase 'yocoins' and 'yocash' using real life money.
the average cost of 50 yocash is $10.00.
players can also buy additional homes as zynga release themes.
players can visit other players homes from a buddy list feature by adding friends through facebook and public places.
yoworld (formerly known as yoville), is a browser-based virtual world game owned by big viking games.
initially developed by tall tree games , now called big viking games , yoworld was acquired by zynga in 2008. zynga expressed their plans of shutting the game down in
in yoworld players are able to level up, the current level maximum is level 200. as players level up and gain experience they also earn rewards.
the first 50 or so levels of the game reward players with items that can only be obtained by leveling up , such as a magical herb garden , an
another reward would be the mystery bookshelf, a bookshelf with a secret library inside of it.
this secret library can only be accessed and decorated by their owners, other players can enter this secret room only if the owner opens the bookshelf for them.
apart from all of those great awards , players can also unlock other rooms in their apartment that would otherwise be inaccessible if they are not at a high enough
these unlockable rooms only exist within a players starter apartment , other purchasable homes , or homes that a player can buy , do n't have unlockable rooms , instead
yoworld allows facebook members to create a virtual person and homes.
it also allows the player to decorate their apartment or home with furniture , change their look in the clothing store , work in the factory for virtual coins ,
the game allows you to purchase 'yocoins' and 'yocash' using real life money.
the average cost of 50 yocash is $10.00.
players can also buy additional homes as big viking games release themes.
ravianus,gregory shambeni is a local businessman born on february 1 , 1994, in a small town in called khorixas, namibia.
he is said to be an very ambitious businessman who has businesses all over namibia.
he owns retail stores that sell custom made casual clothing and a few tech stores.
that deals with the day to day i.t problems companies may face.
mr. r. shambeni also became involved in a company of a well known friend george shikongo ( ceo ) of connoisseur group namibia , connoisseur group is a agency that
ravianus,gregory shambeni is a local businessman born on february 1, 1994, in a small town in called khorixas, namibia .
he graduated from coastal high school in 2012 and attended college at the international university of management where he did his honors and masters degree in digital communication technology .
he is said to be an very ambitious businessman who has businesses all over namibia.
he owns retail stores that sell custom made casual clothing and a few tech stores.
that deals with the day to day i.t problems companies may face.
mr. r. shambeni also became involved in a company of a well known friend george shikongo ( ceo ) of connoisseur group namibia , connoisseur group is a agency that
airside blockade at manchester airport , uk.
may 2010
ford vehicles website
the tullivirkamiesliitto- tulljnstemannafrbundet (customs officials association) represents 12 member associations, with a total of 935 individual affiliate members.
association members work in all areas of customs in finland in a variety of different positions.
massey sahib : 1985 hindi movie of francis massey , who is the 'english type babu ' at the deputy commissioner 's office , in a small , tribal district
hondros studied under arnold sommerfeld at the university of munich , and was granted his ph.d. in 1909. in 1922 , he was cited as being professor of physics at
jouban went to university of louisiana at lafayette in his hometown of lafayette, louisiana for a couple semesters, but left before finishing a degree.
prior to signing with the ufc, jouban was a professional model and also appeared in several television commercials.
the model website mostbeautifulman.com refers to jouban as "one of the foremost male models in los angeles."
personal website
the ministry of information , broadcasting services and tourism in zambia is responsible for the zambian news agency , while there are also numerous media outlets throughout the country which
the ema is politically and religiously neutral.
the association aims to create business contacts and supports german companies entering markets or expanding their activities to the region.
an important factor however is the enhancement of mutual cultural understanding as a foundation for any long-term partnerships or engagements.
the objective is to create cooperation projects which further sustainable development in the region.
to further these aims , the ema regularly organizes a number of events in germany and the mena region which are normally hosted in cooperation with other institutions and under
ministers.
further services include a tenders database, country profiles and other information about the countries of the region, which are offered on the association's homepage.
when released, sonic labyrinth received mostly negative reviews from critics.
the game was heavily criticized for its lack of speed and clunky control.
electronic gaming monthly rated it 4.8 out of 10 , commenting `` why not just follow the same sonic the hedgehog spinball routine instead of pretending he sonic can actually
", adding that the repetitive gameplay creates boredom.
gamepro gave it a score of 4.5 out of 5, saying it makes a great addition to sonic's handheld collection.
screw attack ranked it #2 in its list of worst sonic games, commenting on the lack of speed.
in 2003 , it was re-released as one of 12 unlockable sonic game gear games in sonic adventure dx : director 's cut for the nintendo gamecube and windows pc
sonic labyrinth was also included as one of six game gear games on sonic mega collection plus , released by sega in 2004.
in 2012, sonic labyrinth was ported to the 3ds virtual console .
a computer scientist is a scientist who has acquired knowledge of computer science, the study of the theoretical foundations of information and computation and their application .
doctor heinz doofenshmirtz is a fictional character from the television show phineas and ferb.
he was created by dan povenmire and jeff "swampy" marsh, and is voiced by povenmire .
he first appeared in the pilot episode of the series and has regularly appeared in every episode to date except for `` isabella and the temple of sap , ''
he is portrayed as a routinely bumbling, incompetent and forgetful evil scientist intent on taking over the entire tri-state area.
he attempts to do so with obscure contraptions and inventions that tend to have "-inator" as the suffix.
he speaks with a caricature of a german accent and comes from the fictional european country of drusselstein.
ed (voiced by tom kenny): ed is a giant otter who is mr. whiskers's best friend.
ed is sympathetic and kind, but dim-witted.
he and mr. whiskers usually come up with friendly plans, but sometimes ed is the one who does the thinking.
tony alamo, m.d.
joseph w. brown
john moran
randolph townsend
patricia mulroy
antonio (tony) alamo, jr. was born in reno, nevada and raised in las vegas, nevada .
in 1994, he founded the alamo medical clinic in henderson, nevada.
the clinic has grown over the years and now has multiple doctors working there.
dr. alamo remains the medical director of the alamo medical clinic along with his other duties.
dr. tony alamo is married and has one son.
dr. alamo is a licensed pilot and often flies with his family in his seneca v twin engine airplane .
tony alamo, m.d.
has volunteered his time to work with the las vegas metropolitan police department as a tactical physician.
he has specialized tactical and trauma medical training and has contributed his knowledge to the lvmpd swat team since 2000 .
just a small advocaat with cream on sundays and holidays.
and you must remain active."
!
external links
michael coleman - leroy green (episode 24)
the first real was introduced by ferdinand i around 1380. it was a silver coin and had a value of 120 dinheiros (10 soldos or libra).
in the reign of king joo i ( 13851433 ) , the real branco of 3 libras and the real preto of 7 soldos ( one tenth of a real
by the beginning of the reign of king duarte i in 1433 , the real branco ( equivalent to 840 dinheiros ) had become the unit of account in portugal
from the reign of manuel i (14951521), the name was simplified to "real", coinciding with the switch to minting real coins from copper.
the first real was introduced by ferdinand i around 1380. it was a silver coin and had a value of 120 dinheiros (10 soldos or libra).
in the reign of king joo i ( 13851433 ) , the real branco of 3 libras and the real preto of 7 soldos ( one tenth of a real
by the beginning of the reign of king duarte i in 1433 , the real branco ( equivalent to 840 dinheiros ) had become the unit of account in portugal
from the reign of manuel i (14951521), the name was simplified to "real", coinciding with the switch to minting real coins from copper.
in november, 2011, douglass announced that he would begin a new series under the name pms.
(an acronym of parody music video and sketch) .
in it, douglass would create a parody, music video and sketch all in one video.
the series began in march the following year.
eventually, douglass announced that he would only be releasing one of the three types of video every monday.
a compressed audio optical disc , mp3 cd , or mp3 cd-rom or mp3 dvd is an optical disc ( usually a cd-r , cd-rw , dvd-r or dvd-rw )
my name is kevin l. montgomery.
i was born in covington , ga and currently reside in conyers , ga. a 2001 graduate of newton high school , i work in retail and in my spare
pc magazine does not regularly discuss video game consoles ( it 's a computer magazine ) , and the fact that they selected dreamcast as the best console of all
though the dreamcast was an innovative system in terms of its features , overall sales and support ( including the console 's short lifespan in most countries ) can not
the dreamcast wikipedia article should mention the fact that it was not the overall best console in the minds of respectable video game websites , but was a top ten
for example, "edge" magazine ranks the dreamcast at #10 and ign ranks it at #6 .
to my knowledge , there are no video game websites that have ranked dreamcast as the best console of all time ( an overwhelming majority of them lists the nes
this information should be included in the article to provide balance and comparison.
otherwise, the pc magazine claim should be removed or rephrased as it is clearly biased/misleading.
kevin l. montgomery (talk) 22:38, 31 january 2014 (utc)
ign named the dreamcast the 8th greatest video game console of all time , and edge named it the 10th best console of the last 20 years while pc magazine
in retrospect, gaming historian steven l. kent stated that "sega supported dreamcast better than any single company has ever supported any console".
1up.com's jeremy parish opined that "when the dreamcast died, so too did the concept of videogames as the exclusive province of the hardcore."
information on 2013 season is needed
this article needs a section on the recent season.
she made her debut as a playback singer in 1960 with the film salma.
her first initial playback for a pakistani film was for jan-e-bahar ( 1958 ) , in which she sang the song kaisa naseeb layi thi , picturised on musarrat nazir
she received many awards , including the the pride of performance in 1966. she sang a large number of duets with ahmed rushdi , mehdi hassan , masood rana ,
centre |abida parveen sings kafis of the saint in 2006|480px
times music releases abida parveen's renderings to the kafis of 320px
parveen at her concert in oslo, 2007 |300px
a latest album of kahnum with hilal-e-imtiaz abida parveen and sitara-e-imtiaz reshma launched by times.| 120px
noor jehan is still famous.
here is cover of one of her albums with abida parveen launched recently by times music| 200px
parveen's 2001 enormous hit album in which she collaborated with muzaffar ali to produce ethnic fusion.|200px
centre|parveen in 2001 in oslo.| 250px
centre |yagnik at 11th indian television academy awards in 2011.|250px
parveen in 1992 in dubai.| 100px
anil kapoor and dixit in the song dhak dhak.|100px
dixit in dhak dhak with 200px
dixit on the sets of jhalak dikhhla jaa 5 along with her co-judges remo d'souza (left) and karan johar (right)
file:abida parveen in 2008 .
png |<center> legendary sindhi singer abida parveen in new york in 2008 .
abida parveen is a pakistani singer of sindhi descent and one of the foremost exponents of sufi music.
2000 backhouse, megan:review fleurieu prize, the age, 15 november p. 7
references
bibliography
branko grnbaum and g. c. shephard , tilings and patterns, new york: w. h. freeman & co., (1987), isbn 0-7167-1193-1.
branko grnbaum , polyhedra with hollow faces, proc of nato-asi conference on polytopes ... etc.
(toronto 1993), ed t. bisztriczky et al., kluwer academic (1994) pp.
unidir .
org / files/publications/pdfs/project-coast-apartheid-s-chemical-and-biological-warfare-programme-296 .
pdf chandr gould, peter i. folb: project coast: apartheid's chemical and biological warfare programme , united nations publications, 2002 on-line version of the book
magenta skycode is an indie-rock band from turku in finnland formed in 2005 by jori sjroos.
the bands members are tomi mkil on keyboard and synthesizer , percussionist niko kivikangas , guitarist henry ojala , bassist kalle taivainen and singer and songwriter jori sjroos , previously
sjroos previously formed this empty flow and produced another finnish pop rock band pmmp.
interestingly, magenta skycode is the name of this empty flow's debut album.
magenta skycode is an indie-rock band from turku in finland formed in 2005 by jori sjroos.
the bands members are tomi mkil on keyboard and synthesizer , percussionist niko kivikangas , guitarist henry ojala , bassist kalle taivainen and singer and songwriter jori sjroos , previously
sjroos previously formed this empty flow and produced another finnish pop rock band pmmp.
interestingly, magenta skycode is the name of this empty flow's debut album.
magenta skycode is an indie-rock band from turku in finland formed in 2005 by jori sjroos.
the bands members are tomi mkil on keyboard and synthesizer , percussionist niko kivikangas , guitarist henry ojala , bassist kalle taivainen and singer and songwriter jori sjroos , previously
sjroos also formed this empty flow and produced another finnish pop rock band pmmp.
interestingly, magenta skycode is the name of this empty flow's debut album.
helen e. purkitt, stephen f. burgess: the rollback of south africa's chemical and biological warfare program, 2001 on-line version of the book
zalcitabine (2-3- di deoxycytidine , ddc), also called dideoxycytidine, is a nucleoside analog reverse transcriptase inhibitor (narti) sold under the trade name hivid.
three years later , in 1989 , neethling 's reputation as a `` genius chemist '' became tarnished after revelations by a former commander of the sap 's vlakplaas death
coetzee revealed that neethling had developed a poison lothar 's potion which coetzee would collect either from neethling 's home or from his laboratory , and administer to anc cadres
in the case of chick embryos, the formation of the neural fold originates from the neural ectoderm-epidermal ectoderm, or ne-ee.
this region of the embryo is where the epithelial tissue of the embryo takes on a folding shape and also produces two epithelial layers from one , similar to how
the formation of the neural fold has been shown to be regulated by the release of calcium.
the released calcium interacts with proteins that can modify the actin filaments in the outer epithelial tissue , or ectoderm , to induce the formation of the neural fold by
this diagram shows the folding progress of the neural plate and the surrounding ectoderm from beginning to the completion of the neural tube.
early in an embryos development , a strip of specialized cells called the notochord ( a ) induces the cells of the ectoderm directly above it to become the primitive
the neuroepithelium then wrinkles and folds over (b).
as the tips of the folds fuse together , a hollow tube ( i.e. , the neural tube ) forms ( c ) the precursor of the brain and spinal
meanwhile , the ectoderm and endoderm continue to curve around and fuse beneath the embryo to create the body cavity , completing the transformation of the embryo from a flattened
cells originating from the fused tips of the neuroectoderm ( i.e. , neural crest cells ) migrate to various locations throughout the embryo , where they will initiate the development
this diagram shows the folding progress of the neural plate and the surrounding ectoderm from beginning to the completion of the neural tube.
early in an embryos development , a strip of specialized cells called the notochord ( a ) induces the cells of the ectoderm directly above it to become the primitive
the neuroepithelium then wrinkles and folds over (b).
as the tips of the folds fuse together , a hollow tube ( i.e. , the neural tube ) forms ( c ) the precursor of the brain and spinal
meanwhile , the ectoderm and endoderm continue to curve around and fuse beneath the embryo to create the body cavity , completing the transformation of the embryo from a flattened
cells originating from the fused tips of the neuroectoderm ( i.e. , neural crest cells ) migrate to various locations throughout the embryo , where they will initiate the development
in the embryo, the formation of the neural folds originates from the area where the neural plate and the surrounding ectoderm converge .
as of os x mountain lion, software update has been merged into the mac app store.
software similar to other software that is already released in the mac app store (e.g.
adobe illustrator and coreldraw, photoshop lightroom & apple aperture, cinema 4d and 3d max, etc .)
.
since the opening of the mac app store , apple inc. has increasingly used it as the primary means of distribution of its own in-house software products at the expense
this position was perceivably increased with the july 2011 release of os x lion , which was the first release of os x not sold in the form of dvd
this method limited the reach of distribution of the operating system to those who currently use os x 10.6.6+ , although other means offered by apple after the release included
a number of news sites have remarked that for all the scrutiny apple places on apps listed in their store , a counterfeit copy of an existing app should not
a stranger in paradise is a thriller film directed by corrado boccia.
the film starring collin egglesfield , catalina sandino moreno, stuart townsend and more takes place in thailand.
on the verge of making partner , josh pratts ( colin egglesfield ) life is turned upside down when the sec investigates the head of his multibillion-dollar hedge fund for
forced into a well-timed vacation he never asked for josh finds himself in bangkok with a price on his head , a morally ambiguous brother who is knee deep into
unfortunately for josh, the only way out is to give up information he doesnt know he has
it is located 45 km from chimkent, the province center, and 18 km from aksukent village, the district center.
there are 11 schools, 1 college and 3 marketplaces in the village.
also there are 19 mosques, 2 hospitals, 2 policlinics, a kindergarten, alisher navoiy cultural center and the largest mosque in sayram for 10 thousand.
more than 99% of the population is of uzbek ethnicity.
the village of karabulak is one of the largest villages of sayram district, south kazakhstan province.
the population is nearly 45 thousand (as of 2012).
the area is 11,134 hectares.
it is located 45 km from chimkent, the province center, and 18 km from aksukent village, the district center.
there are 11 schools, 1 college and 3 marketplaces in the village.
also there are 19 mosques, 2 hospitals, 2 policlinics, a kindergarten, alisher navoiy cultural center and the largest mosque in sayram for 10 thousand.
more than 99% of the population is of uzbek ethnicity.
kyrgyz-kaysak/ kara-kyrgyz - 1,415 (12.57%)
the emirate of bukhara was a central asian state that existed from 1785 to 1920. it occupied the land between the amu darya and syr darya rivers , known formerly
its core territory was the land along the lower zarafshan river, and its urban centres were the ancient cities of samarkand and the emirate's capital, bukhara.
it was contemporaneous with the khanate of khiva to the west, in khwarezm, and the khanate of kokand to the east, in fergana.
it is now within the boundaries of uzbekistan.
the emirate of bukhara was a central asian state that existed from 1785 to 1920. it occupied the land between the amu darya and syr darya rivers , known formerly
its core territory was the land along the lower zarafshan river, and its urban centres were the ancient cities of samarkand and the emirate's capital, bukhara.
it was contemporaneous with the khanate of khiva to the west, in khwarezm, and the khanate of kokand to the east, in fergana.
government-owned salt pans and marshland in west mira road have restricted the southward spread of bhayandar.
there is a lot of scope for development of this land as it has the potential to house a gargantuan industrial complex.
the east indian villages in bhayandar are murdha, rai, dongri, uttan, pali chowk, tarodi, etc.
they were formed by portuguese travelers when vasai (formerly bassein) was a famous port.
one route for "essel world" is via gorai, one of the villages close to bhayandar.
gorai is popular for its beach and nearby manori beach and is a popular weekend getaway for bhayandar residents .
it also is a great place for meditators who visit the pagoda .
the recent success of real estate in mumbai has helped bhayandar become one of the populated stations on the western railway circuit.
there are trains starting and ending at this station; this shows the growth of bhayandar in the last decade.
nowadays mira bhayandar municipal transport (mbmt) bus service are provided which runs in the mira - bhayandar city.
mahanagar gas (mgl) pipeline service is available.
tata power as well as reliance energy has 24-hour electric supply.
multiplex and hyper market called maxus mall which includes a six-screen multiplex and big bazaar .
d-mart and sahakari bhandar have made a mark in the city .
bhayandar has witnessed hike in property rates in a short time and have shown that bhayandar is coming up as an important destination.
the famous residential landmarks are jesal park, sarvoday pardise, golden nest, indralok in the east side .
there are many hotels in bhayandar.
one of the best is the veg sagar near flyover end, bhayandar west.
there are many playing grounds for children such as netaji subhashchandra bose ground, agarwal and maxus cricket ground.
sderqvist was born in tby , outside of stockholm in sweden , he attended the royal college of music in stockholm , studying composition and arranging.
he has been a keyboard player in many different jazz bands and folk music groups and has toured extensively around the world before concentrating his activities on composition for film
sderqvist was born in tby , outside of stockholm in sweden, he attended the royal college of music in stockholm, studying composition and arranging.
sderqvist wrote his first film score for agnes cecilia in 1991 and since then he has written numerous scores for film and television , including nine scores for films directed
among those titles are the award-winning score for brothers , after the wedding ( 2006 ) and things we lost in the fire ( 2007 ) , where he collaborated
sderqvist wrote his first film score for agnes cecilia in 1991 and since then he has written numerous scores for film and television , including nine scores for films directed
among those titles are the award-winning score for brothers , after the wedding ( 2006 ) and things we lost in the fire ( 2007 ) , where he collaborated
sderqvist wrote his first film score for agnes cecilia in 1991 and since then he has written numerous scores for film and television , including nine scores for films directed
among those titles are the award-winning score for brothers , after the wedding ( 2006 ) and things we lost in the fire ( 2007 ) , where he collaborated
sderqvist wrote his first film score for agnes cecilia in 1991 and since then he has written numerous scores for film and television , including nine scores for films directed
among those titles are the award-winning score for brothers ( 2004 ) , after the wedding ( 2006 ) and things we lost in the fire ( 2007 ) ,
and the music to the oscar nominated norwegian film kon-tiki (2012) .
in 2005 and 2009 , sderqvist was nominated as best composer by the european film academy for his brothers ( 2004 ) and let the right one in ( 2008
the brothers score was also awarded for best film music in cannes as well as the 'rencontres cinmatographiques de cannes' award for best music in film.
francisco fattoruso (born august 10, 1979 in las vegas, nevada) is an uruguayan musician and bass player .
he is the son of hugo fattoruso and mara de ftima quinhoes, both of them musicians.
he has played with several artists such as : rubn rada , illya kuryaki and the valderramas , abuela coca , pepe guerra , silicon fly , warren riker ,
as well as developing a career as a soloist , he has participated and performed in many different genres : trio fattoruso ( with his son francisco and his brother
he has collaborated also with such renounned artists as : airto moreira , abraham laboriel , manolo badrena , chico buarque , milton nascimento , ruben rada , djavan ,
although the molecule was absorbed throughout the skin it was not capable of disrupting the regulation of reproductive hormones in adults.
a factor that is unaccounted for however , is that this study anayzled the effect in adults ; young children not only have less developed systems of eliminating toxins but
sweden, for example, has taken precautions against this and has deemed the use of oxybenozone unsuitable for children under two years of age.
children this young have not had a chance for the enzymes that degrade the molecule to fully develop and therefore can not eliminate the molecule as rapidly as adults putting
although the molecule was absorbed throughout the skin it was not capable of disrupting the regulation of reproductive hormones in adults.
a factor that is unaccounted for however , is that this study analyzed the effect in adults ; young children not only have less developed systems of eliminating toxins but
sweden, for example, has taken precautions against this and has deemed the use of oxybenzone unsuitable for children under two years of age.
children this young have not had a chance for the enzymes that degrade the molecule to fully develop and theoretically can not eliminate the molecule as rapidly as adults putting
three out of four studies since 2002 performed in vitro of rats found oxybenzone to have estrogenic potential , as it is a competitive binder of estrogen in the presence
these estrogenic effects are additive, meaning oxybenzone is more damaging when combined with other sunscreen ingredients such as benzophenone-1 .
nicola sacco ( april 22 , 1891 august 23 , 1927 ) and bartolomeo vanzetti ( june 11 , 1888 august 23 , 1927 ) were italian-born anarchists who were
boston latin academy (bla) was founded on november 27, 1877 as girls' latin school (gls).
the school was founded as a result of citizen and parent participation with the intention to give college preparatory training for girls.
a plan to admit girls to public latin school was formed by an executive committee of the massachusetts society for the university education of women.
three visionary and driving members of this executive committee, emily talbot, florence cushing and annie fields, deserve much of the credit for the school's founding.
henry durant , president of wellesley college , and one of the most brilliant legal minds in boston , was also greatly instrumental in outlining the legal route for the
a petition with a thousand signatures was presented to the school board in september 1877. the board referred the question to the subcommittee on high schools.
meanwhile emily talbot met with the headmaster of public latin school and asked that her daughter and another girl be admitted.
although headmaster moses merrill was willing to teach the girls, he thought it best to wait for the subcommittee's decision.
ultimately the subcommittee recommended that a separate latin school for girls be established.
kingdom hearts: chain of memories is a direct sequel to the first game.
it was released on the game boy advance in japan on november 11 , 2004. chain of memories was touted as a bridge between the two playstation 2 titles ,
the gameplay system is a departure from the original and employs card game mechanics in real time.
players construct decks out of cards that correspond to different actions in battle, such as attacking or using magic.
it was remade into a playstation 2 game titled kingdom hearts re : chain of memories , which contains polygonal graphics instead of the sprites used in the original game
it contains a large ( 1,000+ ) students and contains grades 5-8. notable for it 's excellent music program , it offers all students to learn an instrument for either
the choral program is also excellent.
it is also notable for it's educational standing.
the school had a very high intelligence ratio, and performed well on standardized state tests .
the students at gfms appreciate courses about r.o.c.k., the schools manifesto.
the anagram represents respect, organize, cooperate, keep safe.
the students also enjoy their classes including science, maths, english, and social studies.
during 7th grade, students must take a world language of their choice.
they have the opportunity to learn spanish, italian, or french .
hello, and congratulations on finding my wikipedia page!
i am so glad that you have found me.
i am a user of the website wikipedia.org .
if you would like to know more about me, please visit the link dft.ba/-greyscience
i am a male human.
i joined wikipedia on june 5th, 2014. my first real article is about the exoplanet system hd 240237. i enjoy editing wikipedia because i love knowledge.
i am a scientist primarily, and live in the united states of america .
the name smokey2022 is a name commonly used by myself for the internet.
by searching smokey2022 on social media, and even some gaming websites, you can find me .
{{ many issues|
i'm new to creating articles and have had a hard time researching/finding people in charge to provide advice and insight on how to create articles and publish correctly.
i am wondering if you could provide any insight on what i 've done so far , the usual review process , and when i should submit my page published
as mentioned before, very new to this.
thanks for your time!
drdillard (talk) 11 :18, 24 october 2013 (utc)
i've added a fair amount of information about rf and how it is used to treat sleep apnea.
feel free to let me know what you think!
i am also wondering where i could go to get a few relevant pictures.
any suggestions?
thanks again.
drdillard (talk) 20:46, 7 november 2013 (utc)
unlike other electrosurgical devices , rfa allows very specific treatment targeting of the desired tissue with a precise line of demarcation that avoids collateral damage , which is crucial in
rfa also does not require high temperatures .
however , overheating from misapplication of rfa can cause harmful effects such as coagulation on the surface of the electrode , boiling within tissue that can leave `` a gaping
thanks for your time and efforts in educating me on how to become a better editor , reconciling and cross-wikifying my article , and editing it for contextualization '' and
the edits you made drastically improved the article.
sometime in the near future, i hope to add more information about the voat procedure.
would it be ok to consult you during the creation stage as well as enlist your help in making sure it gets to the right spot on wikipedia?
thanks again for your help so far with this project.
carnival of souls ( marr novel)
the critical reception for the book has been mostly positive.
one reviewer praises the friendship as "movingly believable", but finds the love "a bit rushed and underdeveloped".
kirkus reviews says: "funny, hopeful, foulmouthed, sexy and tear-jerking, this winning romance will captivate teen and adult readers alike."
raven haller , writing for rt book reviews , gave the story three stars , saying that it was `` beautifully told '' , but did not develop secondary characters
in a new york times book review , author john green said of the book : `` 'eleanor & park ' reminded me not just what its like to be
rowell followed up the same year with the publication of fangirl, also a contemporary young adult novel.
fangirl is a coming-of-age story about fan fiction and first love.
it focuses on cath, who has been a fan of the simon snow books her entire life.
when both cath and her twin sister go to college , her sister begins to drift away from fandom and from cath , and cath has to learn to exist
complete works in this universe
below is a chronological complete list of online work, short stories, novellas and contributions to anthologies , along with novels .
works that are part of a series are arranged in chronological order within that series
other novels
cal leandros series
trickster series
the bane chronicles is a set of connected novellas featuring the character of magnus bane from cassandra clare's bestselling the mortal instruments series .
the novellas are co-written by clare, maureen johnson, and sarah rees brennan.
release of the novellas began in april 2013 in e-book and audio versions , and will be released in a combined print edition in september 2014. the bane chronicles has
there has been at least one legal opinion which asserts the continuing legal existence of the feudal barony in england and wales , namely that from 1996 of a w
with the laws in wales acts 1535-1542 wales was formally annexed by england with the full implementation of english common law for civil cases.
both native welsh and marcher lordships were fully incorporated into the english peerage.
eventually, succeeding peerage divisions emerged.
currently, wales does not form a separate peerage but is incorporated into the english, great britain, and finally the united kingdom peerages.
however , in 1793 the title earl of the town and county of carnarvon in the principality of wales was created , the only mention of the principality of wales
after the deposition by the english parliament in february 1689 of king james ii and vii from the thrones of england and ireland ( the scottish estates followed suit on
i have reverted your changes to the article , on the grounds that 1 ) citing the earl of bradford 's website as the source of a third-party 's comment
quoted from a news source rather than a hobby blog - is irrelevant , as john martin robinson is not the arbiter of the significance of the lord of the
the earl of bradford has a personal interest in the erosion of the legitimacy of feudal titles , and this is quite clear should you care to research the matter
i would very much like to keep the article soundly on the facts if you do n't mind , and faketitles.com is not a good place to start from ,
please don't reverrt my edits; i'm here with no conflict of interest attemptiing to shed some light on a subject full of misinformation and misconceptions.
thanks.
preceding unsigned comment added by brit-o-pedia ( talk contribs ) 10:20 , 18 september 2013 ( utc ) brit - o - pedia ( talk ) 16:36 , 18 september
in dms - 5 culture-specific symptoms (e.g., tinnitus, neck soreness, headache, and uncontrollable screaming or crying) may be seen.
such symptoms should not count as one of the four required symptoms .
dsm-5 diagnostic criteria for panic attack :
dsm-iv-tr diagnostic criteria for generalized anxiety disorder are as follows : a. excessive anxiety and worry ( apprehensive expectation ) , occurring more days than not for at least six
the person finds it difficult to control the worry.c.
the anxiety and worry are associated with three or more ( only one for children ) of the following six symptoms ( with at least some symptoms present for more
dsm- 5 criteria
dsm- 5 diagnostic criteria for generalized anxiety disorder ( 300.02 ) are as follows : a. excessive anxiety and worry ( apprehensive expectation ) , occurring more days than not
the person finds it difficult to control the worry.c.
the anxiety and worry are associated with three ( or more ) of the following six symptoms ( with at least some symptoms present for more days than not for
d. the anxiety, worry, or physical symptoms cause clinically significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas of functioning.
cus of the anxiety and worry is not confined to features of other axis i disorder (such as social phobia, ocd, ptsd etc.)e.
the disturbance is not due to the direct physiological effects of a substance (e.g.
, a drug of abuse , a medication) or a general medical condition (e .
g., hyperthyroidism).
f. the disturbance is not better explained by another mental disorder ( e.g. , anxiety or worry about having panic attacks in panic disorder , negative evaluation in social anxiety
d. the anxiety, worry, or physical symptoms cause clinically significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas of functioning.
cus of the anxiety and worry is not confined to features of other axis i disorder (such as social phobia, ocd, ptsd etc.)e.
the disturbance is not due to the direct physiological effects of a substance ( e.g. , a drug of abuse , a medication ) or a general medical condition (
in der gegend der kreuzcker sind siedlungen der jungsteinzeitlichen bandkeramiker-kultur aus der zeit um 4000 v. chr.
belegt.
sie gelten als "erste menschliche ansiedlung" im bereich der heutigen stadt schwbisch hall .
kreuzckerkirche, schenkenseestr.
25 .
die kirche wurde am 16.dezember 1956 zusammen mit dem evangelischen gemeindehauses und kindergarten in der kreuzckersiedlung eingeweiht.
in der gegend der kreuzcker sind siedlungen der jungsteinzeitlichen bandkeramiker-kultur aus der zeit um 4000 v. chr.
belegt.
sie gelten als "erste menschliche ansiedlung" im bereich der heutigen stadt schwbisch hall.
die grundschule kreuzcker, am beuscherweg 8 ist eine 2-zgige regelschule
kreuzcker ist ein stadtteil von schwbisch hall.
der stadtteil umfasst die wohngebiete lehen, kreuzcker, herrencker, klingenberg, friedensberg.
2012 hatte der stadtteil 3.948 einwohner.
kreuzckerkirche, schenkenseestr.
25 .
die kirche wurde am 16.dezember 1956 zusammen mit dem evangelischen gemeindehauses und kindergarten in der kreuzckersiedlung eingeweiht.
in der gegend der kreuzcker sind siedlungen der jungsteinzeitlichen bandkeramiker-kultur aus der zeit um 4000 v. chr.
belegt.
sie gelten als "erste menschliche ansiedlung" im bereich der heutigen stadt schwbisch hall.
he is no longer in the band, check their facebook page.
and allow my changes, thanks.
; albums
issues (2013)
; eps
; singles
; videography
videography
next upcoming release and new single (2013-present)
chris "fronzilla" fronzak of attila)
chris "fronzilla" fronzak of attila
winds of plague's fourth studio album, resistance, was recorded in early to mid-2013.
the album is slated for release on october 29, 2013.
reflections (often stylized as reflctions) is an american heavy metal band based out of twin cities, minnesota.
the band was founded in november , 2010. the band is composed of jake foster ( lead vocals ) , patrick somoulay ( lead guitar ) , charles caswell (
they released their debut album , the fantasy effect on april 28 , 2012. soon after releasing the fantasy effect , reflections were signed to record labels eone and good
reason : i misspelled my username and i 'm starting to not like my current username and i would highly appreciate if my name could be changed to the one
enterthebetrayel (talk) 06:29, 2 november 2013 (utc)
mitch lucker of suicide silence guest vocals
== who is mrlegendgamerzz ==
== who is mrlegendgamerzz ==
facebook page facebook .
com/mrlegendgamerzz mrlegendgamerzz facebook page
i am a youtuber you can look me up on youtube
as application for cell phone, i.e.
mspy
as my surname, i.e.
leslie mspy
she is no longer the subject of worship, but still remains as one of the most famous korean deities.
4. maintain the cleanliness of the kitchen.
the same aspect is shown in the jangja puli.
there , the three death gods , gangrim doryeong , hae wonmaek , and yi deokchun , are aided by jowangshin as they attempt to send the evil samajangja to
in here, she appears as a crone wearing a crown made of seven treasures.
the goddess tells the death gods that samajangja is sleeping in visitors' quarters, or haenglangchae, to avoid death.
the reason for this betrayal is because samajangja places his feet on the hearth every morning and evening, and throws knives around the kitchen.
the act made the de facto gold standard in place since the coinage act of 1873 ( whereby debt holders could demand reimbursement in whatever metal was preferred -- usually
the arab empire at its greatest extent.
on 30 december 1880, at the age of 55, kruger was elected president of the transvaal.
one of his first goals was the revision of the pretoria convention of 1881; the agreement between the boers and the british that ended the first boer war.
in april 1883 he defeated piet joubert in the presidential elections.
that year he again left for britain, empowered to negotiate with lord derby.
kruger and his companions also visited such countries as germany, belgium, the netherlands, france and spain.
in the german empire he attended an imperial banquet at which he was presented to the emperor, wilhelm i, and spoke at length with otto von bismarck.
mercantilism is an economic theory and practice , dominant in europe from the 16th to the 18th century , that promoted governmental regulation of a nation 's economy for the
it was the economic counterpart of political absolutism.
it includes a national economic policy aimed at accumulating monetary reserves through a positive balance of trade, especially of finished goods.
mercantilism was a cause of frequent warfare and also motivated colonial expansion.
= ==living ring-opening metathesis polymerization = ==
= ==living free radical polymerization = ==
living chain-growth polycondensations
catalyst-transfer polycondensation
self-healing materials are materials in which repair, or heal, themselves upon damage from an external force through the use of living polymers .
for example, if a crack forms in the material, it proceeds to repair the crack and restore itself to its original, undamaged form .
it achieves this by incorporating monomer-containing beads into a material made of a living polymer (with a terminally active chain) .
this has been achieved recently using a polyurethane derivative, with beads of monomer embedded in the material that become opened upon cracking of the material .
living polymerization was demonstrated by michael szwarc in 1956 in the anionic polymerization of styrene with an alkali metal / naphthalene system in tetrahydrofuran ( thf ) ( see figure
he found that after addition of monomer to the initiator system that the increase in viscosity would eventually cease but that after addition of a new amount of monomer after
now, several reported methods exist that take away termination in a polymerization, or generate living polymers in ziegler-natta polymerization.
the monomer in this type of polymerization (a subset of coordination polymerization) is an alpha-olefin and the active site contains an alkyl to metal bond.
chain growth is based on the cossee-arlman mechanism.
an early method ( doi , 1979 ) describes propene polymerization in toluene at 50c using diethylaluminium chloride and a vanadium catalyst for example v ( acac ) 3 to
copolymers, due to their unique tunability of properties, can have a wide range of applications.
one example (of many) is nano-scale lithography using block copolymers.
one used frequently is a block copolymer made of polystyrene and poly(methyl methacrylate) (abbreviated ps-b-pmma).
this copolymer , upon proper thermal and processing conditions , can form cylinders on the order of a few tens of nanometers in diameter of pmma , surrounded by a
these cylinders can then be etched away under high exposure to uv light and acetic acid, leaving a porous ps matrix.
since the 2013 iranian presidential elections in which hassan rouhani was made the 7th president of iran , many are hopeful about a loosening of the constraints of social rights
rouhani acknowledged these demands for greater individual freedom in a tweet from his official english-language twitter account shortly after his election on july 3 , 2013 : if some1 doesnt
our emphasis shud b on virtue."
fazaelis blog is intended as a spin-off of the actual tehran times , irans leading daily newspaper , and focuses on fashion and culture-related topics , including regular street style
in addition to these street style posts , which appear without text and feature images of fashionably dressed women in public spaces throughout iran , the tehran times also includes
here fazaeli explains the inclusion of these cultural , long-form articles on the blog : i dont think my responsibility is to only post photos of stylish women ... i
a combination of both could make the blog much more interesting and create stronger messages.
women in iran are obliged to cover their hair and their bodies while in public , but recently many have been pushing these boundaries on `` appropriate dress '' with
these codes of dress are enforced by the basij, the morality police of the iranian regime established by ayatollah khomeini in 1979 after the iranian revolution.
in recent years , scholars have noted an increase of the ways in which youth flout these dress codes and seek to express themselves in both a social and political
fazaeli himself highlights in particular the way in which iranian women can be seen as wearing the hijab in a way that is appropriate both politically and religiously , as
further , pardis mahdavi , a scholar whose academic focus is sexual revolutions in the middle east , argues that not only are youth subverting these codes of dress in
women in iran are obliged to cover their hair and their bodies while in public , but recently many have been pushing these boundaries on `` appropriate dress '' with
these codes of dress are enforced by the basij, the morality police of the iranian regime established by ayatollah khomeini in 1979 after the iranian revolution.
in recent years , scholars have noted an increase of the ways in which youth flout these dress codes and seek to express themselves in both a social and political
fazaeli himself highlights in particular the way in which iranian women can be seen as wearing the hijab in a way that is appropriate both politically and religiously , as
further , pardis mahdavi , a scholar whose academic focus is sexual revolutions in the middle east , argues that not only are youth subverting these codes of dress in
at the same time, fazaeli emphasizes that there is no monolithic approach to dress in iran: "are all iranian women miserable or are all modernized?
... the answer is that they both exist, in all societies."
chuck brymer , president and ceo, ddb
bill bonner is an american author of books and articles on economic and financial subjects.
he is the founder and president of agora publishing, and the principal author of a daily financial column, the daily reckoning.
bonner is also a contributor to the news and opinion blog, lewrockwell.com.
he also has written articles for moneyweek magazine.
bonner co-authored financial reckoning day: surviving the soft depression of the 21st century and empire of debt with addison wiggin.
he also co-authored mobs, messiahs and markets with lila rajiva.
nazism in sweden has been more or less fragmented and unable to form a mass movement since its beginning in the early 1920s.
several hundred parties, groups, and associations existed from the movement's founding through the present.
at most, purely nazi parties in sweden have collected around 27,000 votes in democratic elections.
the high point came in the municipal elections of 1934 when the nazi parties were victorious in over one hundred electoral contests .
as early as january 22, 1932, the swedish nazis had their first public meeting with birger furugrd addressing an audience of 6000 at the haymarket in stockholm.
ali sabbagh received a life-time ban from fifa for agreeing to fix an april 2013 match in singapore in exchange for sexual favors.
the asian football confederation has also banned sabbagh from refereeing and attending stadiums.
he is particularly talented in defence against the dark arts and quidditch.
as shown when he achieved an 'outstanding' defence against the dark arts o.w.l., something that not even hermione achieved.
it has been stated by hermione that harry is "the best in the year at defence against the dark arts."
in fact , by his fifth year harry had become so talented at the subject , he was able to teach his fellow students in dumbledore 's army , some
he was also only one of very few students able to reach the required level to take advanced potions in 1996. he was able to cast unforgivable curses as well
he was a skilled duelist, the only one of the six d.a.
members to be neither injured nor incapacitated during the battle of the department of mysteries and later , in the same battle , he was able to hold his own
during the battle of the seven potters he was able to fend of numerous death eaters and avoided direct conflict damage all throughout the battle of hogwarts.
throughout the series, harry potter is described as a gifted wizard apprentice.
he is particularly talented in defence against the dark arts and quidditch.
as shown when he achieved an 'outstanding' defence against the dark arts o.w.l., something that not even hermione achieved.
it has been stated by hermione that harry is "the best in the year at defence against the dark arts."
in fact , by his fifth year harry had become so talented at the subject , he was able to teach his fellow students in dumbledore 's army , some
he was also only one of very few students able to reach the required level to take advanced potions in 1996. he was able to cast unforgivable curses as well
he was a skilled duelist, the only one of the six d.a.
members to be neither injured nor incapacitated during the battle of the department of mysteries and later , in the same battle , he was able to hold his own
none of the things i have listed are wp : or everything i listed can be proved and is verifiable they 're all taken directly taken from the harry potter
i even listed the chapter and page numbers check for your self .i can hinestly say that the harry potter books and j.k. rowling is reliable sources.
none of the things i have listed are wp : or everything i listed can be proved and is verifiable they 're all taken directly taken from the harry potter
redirect ostrovia ostrw wielkopolski
petrolul ploieti vs. rapid bucureti
larnaca derby: aek larnaca and alki larnaca
image = |
kujawiak wocawek is a polish football and athletics club based in wocawek, poland.
the city is represented in many sports, including: football, handball, basketball , futsal and volleyball .
the university has three main media outlets.
the galleon has been in existence as a student newspaper from the early 20th century , which long pre-dates the university 's existence , although it 's legacy is being
upsu tv is the student television station and pure fm is the student radio station, which works along side local radio stations such as express fm for example.
ground = harcerska street stadium, pozna, poland |
league = klasa okrgowa, pozna group(east)(v) |
season = 2013/2014 |
position = 12th |
polonia pozna is a football club based in pozna, poland.
currently, the club competes in the 5th level of polish football.
it was formerly an omnisport club, with the rugby section a 5 time polish champion,
it replaced the old estdio jos fragelli (verdo), which used to be the principal football stadium of the city.
verdo got demolished in 2010, and works on the new stadium commenced later that year.
the architects gcp arquitetos have focused strongly on sustainability and one of the stadium's noticeable features are the plants and trees that will fill the four corner areas.
, alternative and integrative medicine upholding that the patient should be approached as a whole person, not as a disease.
it requires that all aspects of the patient 's being , such as , physical , mental states , relationships , life style , emotional states , spiritual issues ,
it encourages the patient to take self responsibility for their health by partnering with their health practitioner combining their skills , wisdom , and care with the patient 's own
dr. christiane northrup, md.
, says , `` ever since louis pasteur first put forth the germ theory of disease , medicine has been focused on killing pathogens as the main way to stay
but you've all heard the old adage, 'what we resist persists.'
and that is the absolute truth when it comes to germs.
we have now created superbugsin our hospitals, food supply, and our bodiesand these germs are resistant to common antibiotics.
what is the solution?
paying attention to the fact that we have three times as many bacteria in our bodies as cells!!!
and that we require ecosystems of healthy bacteria to keep us in balance.
when we do this, harmful bacteria doesn't stand a chance.
tune in and hear all about the new science of living medicine!
and integrative medicine upholding that the patient should be approached as a whole person, not as a disease.
it requires that all aspects of the patient 's being , such as , physical , mental states , relationships , life style , emotional states , spiritual issues ,
by 1670, four precincts of albemarle county had been formed: shaftesbury, currituck, pasquotank, and berkeley.
in 1681, berkeley was renamed perquimans, and by 1685 shaftesbury became chowan.
by 1689 the county ceased to function as a governmental unit , replaced by the four `` precincts '' ( which would later become counties themselves ) : chowan county
from the original four precincts , bertie precinct was formed from part of chowan in 1722 , and tyrrell precinct was created in 1729. albemarle county was officially abolished as
with the help of our partners, we were able to secure additional sites as detailed below.
the following partners pledged their support for joburgpedia 2014.
we are very excited about our newly formed partnership with the constitution hill education project.
this partnership presents us with the opportunity to capture important historical information related to the constitutional court of south africa.
the volunteers who have been introduced to wikipedia will continue to contribute to wikipedia , and we foresee that this partnership will be strengthened in future.
the constitutional hill is also a national heritage site, and the highest court in south africa.
we chose to do the launch of the project and the closing event for this year at this venue , as it has witnessed a century of south africas history
from the anglo-boer war at the turn of the century , to the youth caught up in the soweto uprising , to the dawn of democracy and the building of
encourage additional local wikimedians to join the wikimedia za chapter and get involved in this outreach project.
at least have 5 members who join.
digitization of historical archives to illustrate wikipedia articles.
at least 250 historcial photos and documents.
edit-a-thon - fietas museum 2014
our advertising campaign proved very successful in attracting heritage enthusiasts to the project.
we have been in contact with an earlier resident of johannesburg and he has been able provide us with very valuable information in terms of the history of various buildings
through this contact , we have been able to address various issue regarding plaque installations and specific history pertaining to specific sites.
our wiki loves monuments competition has also put us in touch with johannesburg residents who are passionate about preserving heritage .
they are very keen to get involved in the joburgpedia project.
they will be contributing photographs to commons and assist with writing articles on wikipedia.
the non state actors advisory panel or nsa panel was established in 2006 by way of a memorandum of understanding ( mou ) between the government of barbados ( which
barbados association of non governmental organisations ( bango ) has been working with the barbados landship for nearly two decades , providing secretariat services in order to enhance the visibility
the secretary general of bango has placed great emphasis on officially documenting the history of the landship and was very instrumental in publishing its first book , written by dr.
prior to this, he completed the first written record of its rules in 1991 and produced a draft handbook for members, but this remains unpublished.
there were some 700 members among these ships , but since that period the vessels have floundered and the admiral brought all members together to form one ship under one
his residence as a researcher in london , los angeles and buenos aires , have provided with the tools and methodology to be an expert in the planning and management
in 2007 he concluded his doctoral thesis marketing as a strategy tool for the design of urban development , and began his career as a consultant in different world regions
he teaches marketing and urban policies at ie since 1998 and directs various national and international forums on urban policies.
as an expert in sustainable urbanism and smart cities, promotes the efficient management of cities that also incorporates technology to citizens.
he favors innovation and infrastructure services through icts, to compete successfully and attract funding, tourism and talent.
his book managing xxi century cities ( 2007 ) , introduced a new methodology , the uds or urban development strategy , which included physical planning , strategic town and
seisdedos, g. cmo gestionar las ciudades del siglo xxi.
preface by alberto ruiz gallardn .
madrid: prentice hall (financial times), 2007.
204 p. isbn: 978-8483223567.
refereed publications
category:1967 births category:economists category:marketing category:urban planners category:ie category:living people
ezechiel saad ( born august 29 , 1943 , argentina ) is a philosophical writer and digital artist naturalized french in 1990. he specialized in the interpretation of the i
francophone author ezechiel saad and his book yi king , mythe et histoire delves into the shamanic roots of oracular chinese thought , and examines the real or legendary bestiary
from 1978 he started as a lecturer at the centre pompidou in paris , at the institut belge des hautes etudes chinoises , brussels , institutes of gestalt psychology (
in 1996 he created the international school of i ching in paris.
between 1967 and 1974 he held an atellier at la ruche, the artists residence designed by gustave eiffel.
as a digital artist was part of apple france between 1991 and 1994.
the subconscious mind stores information that the conscious mind may not immediately process with full understanding , but it stores the information for later retrieval when recalled by the conscious
flowers of shanghai : hou hsiao-hsien 1998 (cannes film festival competion etc..)
platform : jia zhang-ke 2000 (venice film festival competion etc...)
born in osaka 1968, yoshiro hanno
katayama started her career as a fashion model.
in 2007, katayama was chosen to star in osamu minorikawas film, life can be so wonderful.
in 2008, she co-starred series regular in the tv drama, ashita no kita yoshio.
in 2012 , katayama starred as the heroine in koji wakamatsus petrel hotel blue ( which had a special showing at the busan film festival ) , and in 2013
upcoming film works include as a leading role and then i knew 't was wind by yoshihiro hanno , a co-starring role in kuime '' by takashi miike , and
kuime .
atlas genius is an alternative rock band formed in adelaide , south australia in november 2009. the band 's mainstay members are the jeffery brothers , keith on lead vocals
their debut album, when it was now , was issued on 9 february 2013 and peaked at no.
34 on the united states billboard 200. in 2013 two of their singles appeared on the related alternative songs chart , `` trojans '' ( released in may 2011 )
4 and "if so" (february 2013) at no.
8. in 2013 the group toured the us in april and may, united kingdom in may, and back to the us in august.
the album received mixed to positive reviews for critics.
rolling stone gave the when it was now 3 out of 5 stars , saying `` these two australian brothers deliver phoenix-like dance pop that 's so big on airy
heather phares from allmusic said "when it was now is a solid debut that proves trojans wasn't a fluke."
however , nick freed from consequence of sound said `` as it is , when it was now has three great songs , four decent , and four forgettable .
on july 17, 2013, atlas genius announced tour dates for the north american "ones to watch" tour.
the tour began fall 2013. atlas genius performed 26 headlining concerts over a seven week time span.
they were joined on tour with family of the year and dale earnhardt jr. jr. and the colourist.
on july 17, 2013, atlas genius announced tour dates for the north american "ones to watch" tour.
the tour began fall 2013. atlas genius performed 26 headlining concerts over a seven week time span.
.
wawel .
krakow .
pl/en/index .
php?op=22,33 jagiellonian tapestries
krakw academy of fine arts named after matejko in 1979, where he served as president of many years
micha korybut winiowiecki or michael i ( , ; may 31 , 1640 november 10 , 1673 ) , son of jeremi winiowiecki and his wife gryzelda konstancja zamoyska ,
a polish nobleman (polski szlachcic) is a painting by rembrandt depicting a man in a costume of polish nobility.
the painting is located at the national gallery of art in washington, d.c.
{{wikiproject poland|class= b
coat of arms of polishlithuanian commonwealth during the reign of micha korybut winiowiecki
right
portrait of a bearded man in black beret
ksi castle
ancestors
alexander i (5 august 1461 19 august 1506) of the house of jagiellon was the grand duke of lithuania and later also king of poland.
he was the fourth son of casimir iv jagiellon.
he was elected grand duke of lithuania on the death of his father ( 1492 ) , and king of poland on the death of his brother john i albert
file:wawel end 16th cent.jpg|a woodcut of wawel castle in 1617.
rob tardik , was born march 8th, 1969 in toronto canada to hungarian born parents alex (sandor) and teresa tardik.
rob tardik , is the owner and inventor of the music stamp series , a line of musical educational accessories for musicians now celebrating its 25th anniversary in oct/2013 and
www.musicstampseries.com.
2005 without words ,
2009 the right time ,
2011 balance, energy, laughter, love (b.e.l.l.)
,
2011/12 catalina island jazz festival ,
the 2010 american smooth jazz awards at the dusable museum in chicago ,
queen elizabeth theatre in toronto ,
mississaugas living arts center and celebration square amphitheatre ,
roy thompson hall in toronto ,
glen gould theater in toronto ,
the buffalo center for the performing arts ,
spaghettinis and anthology in california ,
sir alan also reveals his main method of business and entrepreneurial activity : ( a ) observing what market leaders are doing , ( b ) making better and cheaper
in 1986, kopp ran for california state senate as an independent in a heavily democratic district straddling south san francisco and northern san mateo counties.
republican distaste for the democratic nominee (then assemblyman lou papan) led them to financially support kopp, who went on to win by just 1 percentage point.
he won reelection in 1990 and 1994. term limits prevented kopp from seeking reelection in 1998.
kevin john humphries , an australian politician , is a member of the new south wales legislative assembly representing barwon for the nationals since 24 march 2007. he is the
sultan hussain al-hilaaly i sri loka veeru mahaa radhun was the sultan of maldives from 1398 to 1409. he was the son of hilaaly kalo and golhaa vehi kanbulo and
the base is divided into a number of different sections (bastions).
bastion 1 and 2 were the first sections with bastion 2 containing camp barber ( us ) and camp viking ( dk ) , bastion 0 was added in around
angolasaurus is an extinct genus of mosasaur found in the upper cretaceous (turonian) of angola and described by miguel telles antunes in 1964.
the oxford freestylers is the team name for a group of young freestyle ice skaters that were formed in oxford .
they were crowned champions on the 4th season of torvill and dean 's dancing on ice : ice star in 2009 , where they were to perform in front of
in addition, the oxford freestylers went on to perform to a live audience of 42 thousand on the dancing on ice tour at the wembley arena.
the oxford freestylers were formed initially under the love of the same hobby.
curious to the limits of their own skills and others that were unknown to them , the oxford freestylers would go in search of a challenge to their skill in
historian timothy snyder has written , `` in the guise of anti-partisan actions , the germans killed perhaps three quarters of a million people , about 350,000 in belarus alone
the germans killed more than a hundred thousand poles when suppressing the warsaw uprising of 1944."
all of these categories usually fall into one of two broader categories: high intensity and low intensity warfare.
high intensity warfare is between two superpowers or large countries.
low intensity warfare involves counterinsurgency, guerilla warfare and specialized types of troops fighting revolutionaries.
adopt-a-pet.com is a north americas largest non-profit pet-adoption web service that advocates pet adoption , gathering information from over 12,000 pet shelters in the u.s. and canada , and presenting
adopt-a-pet.com is registered in redondo beach, california, as humane america animal foundation.
the web site allows people to sign up to receive an email when a pet that satisfies their criteria appears in a local shelter.
adopt-a-pet.com also contains information on pet care for first-time pet owners and publishes a newsletter.
the web site also lists volunteer opportunities and promotes spaying and neutering of the pets.
in addition, adopt-a-pet.com promotes pet adoption through conventional and social media presence, public service announcements, and interactions with local governments.
currently, adopt-a-pet.com is sponsored by nestl purina and bayer animal health.
martha stewart features adopt-a-pet.com search engine on her blog.
produced by bill laswell, ccr is a decadent tongue-in-cheek romp.
produced by jerry harrison of the talking heads, life begins at 40 million was by far the more commercially successful of the two bogmen albums.
the most successful single off their album, suddenly was featured on mtv.
the south korean cricket team is the team that represents the country of south korea in international cricket matches.
it is governed by the korea cricket association , which became an affiliate member of the international cricket council in 2001. their first international appearance to date was in the
the official kit supplier is adidas .they also compete in 2011 east asia pacific tournament.
now the team will compete in 2014 asian games in incheon as host nation team .
this way of conception a architectural work is in a remarkable way demonstrated in process of building the palace of the national bank , which is puts national bank in
also this is the most important achievement of academic architecture in serbia.
the facade is done in the standard academic manner, in the form of a three-partition the horizontal division.
clearly differentiation of zone is based on the contrast between the lower and higher rustic peaceful facades, which are mutually a split with a deep wreath.
the zone of ground floor and basement were characterized by severe and monolithic rustic processing, facilitated properly, by series of rhythmically arched windows.
architectural aesthetics of the area carries clearly association of the fifteenth century florentine palaces.
monotony of ground floor is
the facade is done in the standard academic manner, in the form of a three-partition the horizontal division.
clearly differentiation of zone is based on the contrast between the lower and higher rustic peaceful facades, which are mutually a split with a deep wreath.
the zone of ground floor and basement were characterized by severe and monolithic rustic processing, facilitated properly, by series of rhythmically arched windows.
architectural aesthetics of the area carries clearly association of the fifteenth century florentine palaces.
monotony of ground floor is smashed by
the facade is done in the standard academic manner, in the form of a three-partition the horizontal division.
clearly differentiation of zone is based on the contrast between the lower and higher rustic peaceful facades, which are mutually a split with a deep wreath.
the zone of ground floor and basement were characterized by severe and monolithic rustic processing, facilitated properly, by series of rhythmically arched windows.
architectural aesthetics of the area carries clearly association of the fifteenth century florentine palaces.
monotony of ground floor is smashed by solemnly processed portals of, which were placed in a direction of kralja petra and cara lazara streets .
in the formulation of the higher zones architect jovanovic allows himself greater freedom.
the artistically wealthy design of interior spaces includes a large number of functional and decorative arts and crafts objects , which form an integral part of the architecture of the
abraham lincoln served the united sates as president from the year 1861 until he was assassinated on april 15 , 1865 at age 56. he was married to mary todd
he was the 16th president of the united states and served during the civil war.
abraham lincoln stood at 6'4" and wore a top hat which would have made him look even taller.
he was not an attractive man , in fact as he once said himself in a conversation `` if i were two faced , would i be wearing this one
he has and will always be remembered as a great president.
he was also the most powerful president since andrew jackson.
lincoln was born on february 12, 1809 in hodgenville, ky to parents thomas lincoln and nancy lincoln.
he had two siblings , a sister and a brother , sarah lincoln grigsby and thomas lincoln , jr. not long after the family moved another seven miles away from
after that the lincolns moved to indiana, a state that had merely just been accepted into the union as a state.
lincoln was born on february 12, 1809 in hodgenville, ky to parents thomas lincoln and nancy lincoln.
he had two siblings , a sister and a brother , sarah lincoln grigsby and thomas lincoln , jr. not long after the family moved another seven miles away from
after that the lincolns moved to indiana, a state that had merely just been accepted into the union as a state.
lympstone is a village and civil parish in east devon in the english county of devon.
it has a population of 1,754. there is a harbour on the estuary of the river exe , lying at the outlet of wotton brook between cliffs of red breccia
the promontory to the north of the harbour is topped by a flat pasture , cliff field , that is managed by the national trust and used for football matches
hi -
flanker
in cognitive psychology, the eriksen flanker task is set of response inhibition tests used to assess the ability to suppress responses that are inappropriate in a particular context.
the task is named for b.a.
eriksen & c.w.
eriksen, who first published the task in 1974. in the tests, a directional response (usually left or right) is assigned to a central target stimulus.
the target is flanked by non-target stimuli which correspond either to the same directional response as the target ( congruent flankers ) , to the opposite response ( incongruent flankers
iterations of the task are widely used to measure information processing and ability to perform target responses amid ' noise '.
in the original test described by eriksen and eriksen in 1974, letter stimuli were used.
subjects were instructed to make directional responses to certain letters , for example a right response could be associated to the letters h and k , and a left response
examples of congruent stimuli would be hhhkhhh and cccsccc, where both the target stimulus and the flankers correspond to the same directional response.
examples of incongruent stimuli could be hhhshhh and ccchccc , where the central target letter and the flankers correspond to opposite directional responses.
nva is amphipathic monomer began and compounded in the u.s. in 1967. today , it is recognized as a monomer which does not carry out polymerization , but showa denko
has succeeded in industrialization in 1997.
formed in march 1941 in response to the german victories in the west , it served with the 8th army and was held in reserve near iauliai in lithuania 75
under the command of major general n.m.shestopalov when the german operation barbarossa began in june 1941 , it initially consisted of the 23rd and 28th tank divisions and the 202nd
after the invasion began the special baltic military district was renamed northwestern front, commanded by colonel general kutznetsov.
the front fielded the 8th and 11th armies along with the 27th army in its second echelon.
the 12th mechanized was heavily engaged in the first battles of operation barbarossa , particularly during the baltic operation ( 1941 ) and at the battle of raseiniai , and
kazi went on the air in august 1982 as a community radio station in austin serving the african american community of the city and its surrounding areas.
the station features an urban contemporary format and plays numerous styles of music such as r & b , hip hop , gospel , blues , soul , reggae ,
kazi went on the air in august 1982 as a community radio station in austin serving the african american community of the city and its surrounding areas.
daranagar is a town in kaushambi district of the indian state of uttar pradesh
this town, about 17 km north of the district headquarters of manjhanpur, is famous as a celebrated jain pilgrim center.
the chief attraction here is the daranagar tirtha, dedicated to bhagwan shri rishabhdev.
other than these monuments there are many temples such as hanuman temple , jain temple , jwala devi temple & kalbhairav temple , 'the shia jama masjid located at syedwarah
religious activity
the juloos-e-chehallum also following in daranagar,also dedicating to imam hussain .
the jashn-e-eid miladun nabi is celebrating in daranagar, dedcating to propth mohammad saaw's birthday .
public spots
azadari dhapri yaad-e-hazrat qasim a.s 7th muharram in dhapri azadari == about dhapri ==
myvillagedhapri.blogspot.com/
the primary means of transportation are taxis, buses, and local rickshaws.
taxis are available at any time of the day, and the nearest bus station is the pachferwa bus station.
dhapri town is well connected by roads and rail to the surrounding big cities, such as mughalsarai and varanasi the mughalsarai railway station is on the allahabadkanpur route.
mail or express trains often stop at the mughalsarai railway station.
superluminal communication is the hypothetical process by which one might send information at faster-than-light (ftl) speeds.
the scientific consensus is that faster-than-light communication is not possible and to date superluminal communication has not been achieved in any experiment .
--added under personal life kdmeaney (talk) 04:39, 4 march 2014 (utc)
supersymmetric models are constrained by a variety of experiments , including measurements of low-energy observables , for example the anomalous magnetic moment of the muon at brookhaven ; the wmap
wilde presents the essay in a socratic dialogue, with the characters of vivian and cyril having a conversation throughout.
the conversation, although playful and whimsical, promotes wilde's view of romanticism over realism.
vivian tells cyril of an article he has been writing called "the decay of lying: a protest".
in the article vivian defends aestheticism and "art for art's sake".
as summarized by vivian, it contains four doctrines:
the essay ends with the two characters going outside, as cyril asked vivian to do at the beginning of the essay.
vivian finally complies, saying that twilight nature's "chief use" may be to "illustrate quotations from the poets."
some observers with sub-light relative motion will disagree about which occurs first of any two events that are separated by a space-like interval.
in other words , any travel that is faster-than-light will be seen as traveling backwards in time in some other , equally valid , frames of reference , or need
therefore any theory which permits `` true '' ftl also has to cope with time travel and all its associated paradoxes , or else to assume the lorentz invariance to
a vacuum rabi oscillation is a damped oscillation of an initially excited atom coupled to an electromagnetic resonator or cavity in which the atom alternately emits photon ( s )
the atom interacts with a single-mode field confined to a limited volume v in an optical cavity.
where r is the location of the atom , f ( r ) = exp ( i k.r ) for plane-wave fields , is the field polarization , = k
dan shechtman ( hebrew : ; born january 24 , 1941 in tel aviv ) is the philip tobias professor of materials science at the technion israel institute of technology
on april 8 , 1982 , while on sabbatical at the u.s. national bureau of standards in washington , d.c. , shechtman discovered the icosahedral phase , which opened the
the general military academy ( in spanish : ' academia general militar ' ) is a higher training center of the spanish army , responsible for the initial training for
it is currently located in zaragoza.
category: francoist spain
despite a decline in the outlying rural economy, zaragoza has continued to grow .
in 1942, the general military academy was reopened in zaragoza .
during the second half of the 20th century, its population boomed as a number of factories opened in the region.
in 1979 the hotel corona de aragn fire killed at least 80. the armed basque nationalist and separatist organization eta from northern spain has been blamed , but officially the
rodrigo ros lozano ( born 6 june 1990 ) , commonly known as rodri , is a spanish professional footballer who plays for german club 1860 munich as a forward
late in august 2014 , rodri joined german club 1860 munich , signing a contract until 2017. he made his 2. bundesliga debut on 20 september , replacing countryman edu
!
150 !!47!!3!!1!!1!!0!!1!!0!!
155 !
!48
guillermo juan vallori grimalt (born 25 june 1982 in palma de mallorca ) is a spanish footballer who plays for 1860 munich as a centre-back.
stefan ortega (born 6 november 1992) is a german footballer.
he currently plays for 1860 munich as a goalkeeper in germany's 2. bundesliga.
he made it his first debut on 14 september 2014 playing as a starter in the 5th game week against st. pauli finished in the away 12 victory where he
in his second match in a row on 20 september 2014 against ingolstadt , rama played as a starter and gave the assist for the equalising goal scored by rubin
he scored his first goal for the team on 19 october 2014 in the 51st minute in a 4-1 away loss against erzgebirge aue.
!
215 !!
25 !!1!!0!!2!!0!!
219 !!
25
wittek is a youth exponent from 1860 munich.
he made his 2. bundesliga debut at 10 august 2014 against rb leipzig in a 0-3 home defeat.
prchesko , or provincia prachinensis , is a historical and cultural region in the czech republic , covering roughly the otava basin , mostly in the northwest of south bohemia
it was an administrative region in southwestern bohemia, created in the late 13th century and abolished by the austrian empire's regional reform of 1848.
its boundaries extended through the bohemian forest in the south , towards budweis ( esk budjovice ) to the north , close to the town of pbram , and southwest
ethnic groups of the region included czechs , germans , jew s and romani , and by religion were roman catholics and jews.
today this region is divided among three districts , namely south bohemia (vast majority) , plze region and central bohemia.
its capital city was psek ( a great medieval city until its devastation in 1620 during the thirty years ' war ) , now a major town of approximately 30,000
the first capital, prachens (prche) castle (which gave its name to the whole region), is now overtaken by forest.
its remains lie close to the town of horaovice.
the local dialect of the western part is still extant as is the use of the bagpipe in the music of the region.
the main geographical feature of the prachens region is the river otava ( or in the local dialect wotva ) .
principal towns of the former prachens were psek ( or pisek in german ) , strakonice ( strakonitz ) , suice ( schttenhofen or setuakaton in its celtic form )
the current population of the region is approximately 200, 000 to 250,000 inhabitants.
the area suffered serious population losses because of the expulsion of germans after world war ii ( about 25 % of the population , mostly in the southern part )
today the jewish population is negligible and there is no active synagogue .
a unique dialect of the czech language with a large number of german loan words is spoken in the western part of the region.
in 2009, he released his debut album, 'outbreak', under his 'vinter in hollywood' alias .
there was much dispute over this album, as he raped a horse with it.
haikus are fun, but sometimes they don't make sense, refrigerator .
outbreak was nominated in the electronic music category for the 2009 norwegian grammy awards.
aleksander grew up in oslo, norway.
his first introduction to music was at the age of 4 when he started using a yamaha electric organ.
at the age of 10 he asked his mother for his own keyboard synthesizer , but due to financial problems he instead had to borrow his sisters old and faulty
it was at this point were he first found trance music and told his mother "i want a computer, i want to make music."
his mother hated music, and often ate tin cans.
aleksander first started using the program 'ejay ' to produce drum and bass music for a year before he found the program fasttracker which he used to create music that
aleksander then got into the program fl studio and kept on working with electronic music.
in 2009, he released his debut album, 'outbreak', under his 'vinter in hollywood' alias .
in the album, he raped a horse .
the freedom riders picketted the walgett rsl about its refusal to allow aboriginal ex-servicemen to use the facilities.
at moree , they successfully desgregated the local swimming pool.
at bowraville they protested against the segregation of a cinema there.
the monthly is an australian national magazine of politics , society and the arts , which is published eleven times per year on a monthly basis except the december/january issue
founded in 2005, it is published by melbourne property developer morry schwartz.
the publisher is also director of black inc., which publishes non-fiction books , the political journal quarterly essay , and the saturday paper, a weekly long-form newspaper .
in 2013 he was the australian greens candidate for the left-leaning, inner sydney seat of grayndler.
he faced incumbent labor candidate, deputy prime minister anthony albanese, where he came third with 23.03% of the first-preference vote.
the greens experienced a swing of -2.87% in grayndler, however this was above the national average of a -3.11% swing against the greens.
the first source is under magneto in other media section, but it mainly mentions malcolm x influence in the comics.
claremont mentions that during the start of his run , he did not initially write the character of magneto as an allegory for malcolm x , but he later started
it just fit."
thanks, kinfoll77 (talk) 17:18, 30 june 2014 (utc)
pan - africanism
marley was a pan - africanist, and believed in the unity of african people worldwide.
his beliefs in pan-africanism were rooted in his rastafari religious beliefs.
he was substantially inspired by marcus garvey , and had anti-imperialist and pro-african themes in many of his songs , such as `` zimbabwe '' , `` exodus '' ,
`` redemption song '' draws influence from a speech given by marcus garvey in nova scotia , 1937. in the song `` africa unite '' , bob marley sings of
marley believed that the freedom and independence of african countries (such as zimbabwe) from european domination was a victory for all peoples of the african diaspora.
on february 3 , 2014 , through an announcement on her personal site , utada announced that she was engaged to be wed , asking for her fans and the
on the same day kiriya kazuaki congratulated his ex-wife utada hikaru on her marriage.
on february 10 , 2014 utada and her fiance francesco calliano left a message at official site of utada explaining how they met each other , his being a bartender
they were wed on may 23, 2014 .
king suffered from depression throughout most of his life.
in his adolescent years , he initially felt some resentment against whites due to the `` racial humiliation '' that he , his family , and his neighbors often had
at age 12 , shortly after his maternal grandmother died , king blamed himself and attempted to commit suicide by jumping out of a second story window , but survived
ronda rousey- current ufc women's bantamweight champion and actress
category:speculative evolution
l. ?
elegans</small>
the embolotherium are prehistoric rhinoceros relatives , but larger and have more brittle horns which are used for display during mating seasons.
these beasts able to scare off big predators like andrewsarchus.
the males have a heart shaped horn on top of their noses which is about and the females have a some sort of stump.
hiram settles in rejection (renamed perfection at the close of the movie), building his home in the same place burt's would one day be.
he is also gifted with a colt 1865 gatling gun and begins target practice, enjoying it.
this love for guns would be passed down in his family to burt.
editing since may 22, 2013 with 350 + edits
editing wikipedia since may 22, 2013 with 350+ edits | john mortimore
editing wikipedia commons since july 26, 2013 with 4+ edits | john mortimore
editing wikiquote since august 13, 2013 with 5+ edits | john mortimore
the film tremors 4: the legend begins featured a punt gun used in combat.
this punt gun was custom-built for the film and was 8 feet 4 inches long , weighed 94 pounds , and had a bore ( classified as `` a ''
editing wikimedia commons since july 26, 2013 with 5 edits | john mortimore
in august of 1890, possession of the company was obtained and reorganized as the wolverine copper mining company.
many repairs and editions had to be made in order to get the mine up and running , including extensive repairs to the stamp mill , including the laying a
perfection, nevada , a fictional town in the tremors film series
the third stage, the "ass-blaster", is introduced in tremors 3: back to perfection.
shriekers turn into ass-blasters, which resemble their original shrieker, shedding their skin as they grow and change.
they are capable of gliding with the use of red/pink-colored sail-like structures at the sides of their bodies , consisting of a semi-translucent skin supported by rigid stems and a
in order to take flight , they shake and quiver their tails and backsides and seem to be mixing two liquids which produce an explosion of flames from their rear
ass-blasters fall into a "food coma" when eating too much and carry graboid eggs within their bodies, supposedly bringing the life cycle full-circle.
b
width=" 65px "|model !!
width=" 135px "|locomotive numbers !!
width=" 78px "|years of service !!
notes !!
images
!
width=" 66px "|builder !
!width=" 65px "| model !!
locomotive numbers !!
width=" 86px "|years of service !!
notes !!
images
the line runs from the caltrain depot in the mission bay district to ocean beach and the great highway in the sunset district.
from the caltrain depot at fourth and king streets, it runs along king street and the embarcadero, passing by at&t park.
it then enters the market street subway, which it shares with the five other muni metro lines.
it exits the tunnel at church street and, after a brief stretch along duboce avenue to duboce park, enters the older sunset tunnel.
this tunnel serves to avoid a hill and contains no underground stations.
from the western end of the tunnel , the route goes along carl street , pass ucsf-parnassus campus , towards irving street , until it turns onto 9th avenue for
on judah between 9th avenue and 19th avenue the n runs on a right-of-way that is slightly raised above the surrounding street.
due to outstanding performance, eu gateway programme expands further than japan and south korea entering new markets such as: singapore , malaysia and vietnam .
# japan external trade organization
# 2.eu-japan centre for industrial cooperation
# 3. japan consulting office
# 4. korea trade investment promotion agency
eu-japan centre for industrial cooperation
japan consulting office
this is a small village everbody is hard working persons
about vannali
vannali,
vannali
finally a certified wikipedia editor, woohoo!kaseymoo1 (talk) 13: 28 , 25 october 2013 (utc)
i agree with the proposal that motivational intensity should be new section.
researchers eddie harmon-jones , philip a. gable and tom f. price ( 2013 ) have been conducting research whether positive affect always broaden the mind and negative affect always narrows
a main impact of the study was the influence of motivational intensity.
the findings of the study showed that the positive or negative affective valence state had no impact on whether the mind was broaden or narrowed.
instead, the broadening and narrowing of the mind relied solely on the motivational intensity.
findings showed that high motivational intensity leads to a narrowed cognitive scope whereas low motivational intensity leads to a broadened cognitive scope.
studying and learning about the effects of motivational intensity is beneficial because it has been linked to studies of psychopathic patients and alcoholic addictions.
with the addition of this section, it would be important to discuss the relationship motivational intensity has with affect and cognitive scope.
west lake fish in vinegar gravy is a traditional dish of hangzhou, china.
when people come to this city , local guide have to introduce this dish , not only because of the fun name of it , but also the particular tastes
fisherman will choose fresh carp from the most beautiful and famous lake in china, west lake.
they first use vinegar and sugar to cure the fish, than give it to chef.
an excellent chef can make the fish taste refreshing and exceptional delicacies.
this famous chinese dish has originated from song dynasty with an interesting story.
several years later, song's younger brother became an authority and put the villain to law.
however, his sister in law was hidden and he couldn't find her.
one day, the younger brother attended a banquet and he ate a dish that has the same taste as the one his sister in law had made.
he asked the host and found that it was his sister in law who had become a maid to escape from reprisal.
the younger brother was very happy and he resigned his title and lived a secluded life again at the lakeside with his sister in law.
it was originally the center of the city , but now the qiantang river is becoming the central feature as the south bank is developed in similar fashion to shanghai
west lake is a place of tranquility where urbanity becomes a silhouette on the northeast horizon and mountains near and far surround it on the other three sides.
the occasional pagoda and chinese-style arched bridge add atmosphere to the tree-lined walkways, verdant islands and hills.
for an easier preparation, you can use 1 1/2 to 2 pounds of fish filets.
but true xi hu cu yu is served whole.
and if you are serving it for chinese new year.
grass carp from west lake is used in authentic preparations in hangzhou.
the fish is starved for a couple days to remove any muddy taste from the flesh.
in 2013 , `` guam will be instituting public law 31-45 , which increases the teaching of the chamorro language and culture in guam schools , '' extending instruction to
inhabited united states territories have democratic self-government , in local three-branch governments , found respectively in pago pago , american samoa ; hagta , territory of guam ; saipan ,
hagta (pronounced ), formerly english agana and in spanish agaa, is the capital of the united states unincorporated territory of guam.
it is the island's second smallest village in both area and population.
from the 18th through mid 20th century, it was guam's population center.
today, it remains one of the island's major commercial districts in addition to being the seat of government.
private , adult , consensual and non-commercial homosexual acts have been legal in guam since a reform of the criminal code in 1979. no laws explicitly address harassment or discrimination
the cambodian honors system is based on european/french models .
many of the honors are are orders of chivalry granted by royal decree or sub-decree.
this system was established under colonial french rule and continued with modification after independence until the fall of the khmer republic on 17 april , 1975. the current system was
1095/01.
many of the modern awards have origins from cambodia's period as a french colony or under the kingdom of cambodia under the rule of king norodom sihanouk.
as established by royal decree, the hierarchy of decorations of honors are:
=== awards for national and motherland defense ===
=== royal household awards ===
=== medals of national defense ===
he is the son of bollywood actor jackie shroff.
he made his debut with sajid nadiadwala's film heropanti opposite kriti sanon., released on may 23, 2014
shroff was born as jai hemant shroff on 2 march 1990 to indian film actor jackie shroff and ayesha (ne dutt).
he has one sister, krishna, who is three years younger.
shroff's paternal grandparents were kakubhai shroff, a gujarati astrologer, and rita shroff, an ethnic turk.
shroff helped aamir khan build his physique for dhoom 3. his maternal grandfather was air vice-marshal ranjan dutt , a bengali , who was married to claude-marie de cavey ,
tiger shroff (born 2 march 1990 ) is an indian film actor.
he is the son of bollywood actor jackie shroff.
he made his debut with sajid nadiadwala's film heropanti opposite kriti sanon.
shroff was born as jai hemant shroff on 2 march 1990 to indian film actor jackie shroff and ayesha (ne dutt).
he has one sister, krishna, who is three years younger.
shroff's paternal grandparents were kakubhai shroff, a gujarati astrologer, and rita shroff, an ethnic turk.
shroff helped aamir khan build his physique for dhoom 3. his maternal grandfather was air vice-marshal ranjan dutt , a bengali , who was married to claude-marie de cavey ,
tiger shroff (born 2 march 1990) is an indian film actor.
he is the son of bollywood actor jackie shroff.
he made his debut with sajid nadiadwala's film heropanti opposite kriti sanon.
shroff was born as jai hemant shroff on 2 march 1990 to indian film actor jackie shroff and ayesha (ne dutt).
he has one sister, krishna, who is three years younger.
shroff's paternal grandparents were kakubhai shroff, a gujarati astrologer, and rita shroff, an ethnic turk.
he enjoys considerable immunities, and when he goes out, is preceded by a lamp and sword and has the insignia of supreme authority.
he acknowledges no superior and will reside in the presence of no prince."
much is known of the installation of the kaimal since it involved a dispute between the cochin and travencore kings on the rights of who could consecrate the thachudaya kaimal
all the rajas , samantans ( rajas who do not were a sacred thread ( poonool ) of a kshatriya ) , and chiefs claim their inheritance and lineage from
francis day in reference 13 has this to say - the perumal divided his kingdom between his chiefs giving it to four rajahs of - cochin , kolatiri , zamorin
he quotes dutch sources to say that kolatiri, zamorin, and travencore were samantans or nairs.
in fact, in ref.
10 gollenesse (dutch governor in 1743) says the zamorin original seat is the - karta of ernad.
the zamorin was the chief reigning supreme sovereign when the portuguese came to kerala in the 1500. the cochin king and the kollatiri were both his vassals.
the travencore seat had not yet reached any level of prominence.
notes
justo pastor almario gmez ( sincelejo , 18 february 1949 ) is a colombian born , los angeles based , flautist , sax player , and latin jazz group leader
the desire to know all the secrets of the sax took him to the prestigious university of berkeley .
shortly received a call from mongo santamaria , who sought an alto saxophone for the jazz workshop boston presentacinen 71. since that was a must for any musician who would
today it remains a coveted saxophonist , but not to accompany stars but to amaze the public in concerts and recordings with his own group where justo almario is a
his complete mastery of the soprano sax , tenor sax , flute and clarinet folklore work can be seen in developing with drummer richie garcia , bassist guillermo guzman ,
almario is defined as an explorer musical between various
she married david k. e. bruce in 1926 , a scion of a prominent virginia family ; he also would become united states ambassador to the united kingdom ( 19611969
in 1933 , after seven years of marriage , ailsa gave birth to her only child , a daughter named audrey they divorced in 1945. when their only child ,
scott helped us in many ways during his time with the bulls; most importantly, he helped this franchise get back to respectability.
i am appreciative of his hard work and the imprint that he left on our team.
over the span of five seasons with the bulls , skiles compiled a record of 165-172 ( .490 ) , and guided the team to the playoffs three consecutive years
paxson promoted assistant coach jim boylan to interim head coach and the bulls finished the year with a 33-49 record, missing the playoffs.
despite having only 1.7% probability, the bulls won the nba draft lottery and selected chicago native derrick rose with the first pick in the 2008 nba draft.
in june 2008, paxson named former nba player and scout vinny del negro head coach.
multiple reports surfaced that on march 30 2010 , paxson and del negro got into a physical altercation over the minutes of bulls center joakim noah , who was recovering
paxson allegedly grabbed del negro by the tie and shoved him.
del negro was fired a little over a month later.
mahesh rajasekharan , chief executive officer
sumit garg , president
2012: cleo was recognized in by xerox as an outstanding support partner.
in 2014 , cleo joined in a technology partnership with big data and apache hadoop software specialist hortonworks , and also a technology distribution partnership with tech data , a
cleo's product line includes software for secure file transfer, exchange, and collaboration; secure email, text, and voice messaging; and others.
cleo products use the as2 specification and other protocols for connectivity and community management.
cleo versalex is the engine behind its software offerings, which include cleo lexicom, cleo vltrader, and cleo harmony, which supports the streamlining of data integration.
the city of atlanta adopted cleo 's fax technology , streem , in 2006 to accommodate its communication needs , and the u.s. department of veterans affairs did the same
cleo also serves u.s. transportation logistics company mercurygate international as a customer and partners with hortonworks for big data integration and tech data for software distribution.
in june 2014, cleo opened an office in chicago for members of its support and engineering teams.
sandbox
black creek sandmine
persistant tranquility
great water pit
stone gate
sandy field encirclement
temple of lord che
grand encirclement
good omen
perpetual tranquility
the motto of the united college is "ming de xin min" , meaning "make one's virtues shine and renew the people".
it was modified from a passage in the old classic the great learning .
i concur that the new layout is too "minimalist".
i don't even know exactly which countries google street view covers!
i am sure the notability is high and it's very important to everybody!
--softfeta (talk) 03:34, 2 september 2014 (utc)
i concur that the new layout is too "minimalist".
i don't even know exactly which countries google street view covers (and the year of addition) !
i am sure the notability is high and it's very important to everybody!
the arac-arabinose dimer at this site contributes to activation of the pbad promoter .
additionally, cap binds to two cap binding sites upstream of the i1 and i2 operators and helps activate the pbad promoter .
in the presence of both high arabinose and high glucose concentrations however, low camp levels prevent cap from activating the pbad promoter name=":5" /> .
it is hypothesized that pbad promoter activation by cap and arac is mediated through contacts between the c-terminal domain of the -subunit of rna polymerase and the cap and arac
without arabinose, and irregardless of glucose concentration, the pbad and pc promoters are repressed by arac .
the n-terminal arm of arac interacts with its dna binding domain, allowing two arac proteins to bind to the o2 and i1 operator sites .
the o2 operator is situated within the arac gene.
an arac dimer also binds to the o1 operator and represses the pc promoter via a negative autoregulatory feedback loop .
the two bound arac proteins dimerize and cause looping of the dna
the spacing between the o2 and i1 operator sites is critical.
adding or removing 5 base pairs between the o2 and i1 operator sites abrogates arac mediated repression of the pbad promoter .
the spacing requirement arises from the double helix nature of dna, in which a complete turn of the helix is about 10.5 nucleotides.
therefore, adding or removing 5 base pairs between the o2 and i1 operator sites rotates the helix roughly 180 degrees.
this reverses the direction that the o2 operator faces when the dna is looped and prevents dimerization of the o2 bound arac with the bound i1 arac
figure 3. expression of arab, araa and arac does not occur when arabinose is not present.
in the absence of arabinose, arac dimerizes while bound to the o2 and i1 operator sites, looping the dna.
the looping prevents binding of cap and rna polymerase, which normally activate the transcription of both pbad and pc.
figure 1. expression of arab, araa and arac in the presence of arabinose.
in the presence of arabinose, arabinose binds to the arabinose binding pocket sites of arac, causing arac to dimerize at the i1 and i2 operators.
in 1844 he was secretary to the physiological section of the british association , and in 1845 he was awarded the fothergillian gold medal of the royal humane society for
in 1848 he was appointed assistant surgeon at university college hospital , and in 1850 became full surgeon and professor of surgery , his lectures and clinical teaching being much
in june 1876 he was elected a fellow of the royal society.
a specific and clear example of this trend is the way in which the sport garments from the 1970s and 1980s are used nowadays.
soccer jackets , jerseys and t-shirts with former logos of the soccer associations are very popular ; their designs commonly remember the old days by using lines in the sides
a specific case is the 1970 fifa world cup held in mexico.
its logo and font type is used in a variety of retro sport garments.
brands such as adidas, puma and nike have their own divisions specialized in retro products.
some soccer, baseball and basketball clubs also have re-edited their former garments to raise their sales.
mclaren was born in yedo, near tokyo, japan, elder son of rev.
samuel gilfillan mclaren m.a.
a scottish missionary and later professor of sacred history and biblical literature at the presbyterian union theological seminary, and marjory millar mclaren ne bruce.
in 1886, the family moved to australia, where in 1889 his father became principal of presbyterian ladies' college, melbourne.
samuel mclaren was educated at brighton grammar school and scotch college , melbourne , where he was dux in mathematics in 1893. he gained a scholarship at ormond college ,
he also shared the dixon scholarship in natural philosophy.
the city became a military republic, with distinguished soldiers wielding political powers through their election by popular acclaim and the respect of their peers.
similar practices were adopted by the jsa and other groups, which saw a corresponding rise in the social influence of military adventurers and successful entrepreneurs .
the gbmn were renowned for their agricultural and hunting prowess, as well as their woodcarving, leather art, and the famous elewe masquerade .
similarly , covert military resistance leagues like the ekiti parap and the ogidi alliance were organized during the 19th century wars by often-decentralized communities of the ekiti , ijsa ,
the talking drum .
file:female figure from oke onigbin, shango shrine.jpg|female figure from oke-onigbin, shango shrine.
a december 2012 report on religion and public life by the pew research center stated that in 2010 , 49.3 % of nigeria 's population was christian , 48.8 %
a december 2012 report on religion and public life by the pew research center stated that in 2010 , 49.3 percent of nigeria 's population was christian , 48.8 percent
a december 2012 report on religion and public life by the pew research center stated that in 2010 , 49.3 % of nigeria 's population was christian , 48.8 %
an eyo iga olowe salaye masquerade jumping
an eyo iga olowe salaye masquerade jumping
{see also: sport in nigeria}
{see also: }
{see also: sport }
{see also: sports in nigeria }
{see also: sports in nigeria}
{see also: sport in nigeria}
ohuruogu 's personal best time of 49.41s , set at the 2013 world championships , beat the uk record set by kathy cook in 1984 by 0.02 seconds simultaneously making
she is coached by lloyd cowan.
african americans, renters, the elderly, and people with low income were disproportionately impacted by hurricane katrina compared to affluent and white residents.
first , african americans are less likely to have rental and homeowner 's insurance and to have insurance with major companies as compared to whites , which is related to
since people of color were more likely to rely on public transportation , the dependence of the evacuation on personal transportation impacted these individuals more than those with personal means
some academics highlight this disparity as an issue of climate injustice,
hurricane katrina and shrinkage of new orleans had significant effects on various groups in the city.
african americans, renters, the elderly, and people with low income were disproportionately impacted by hurricane katrina compared to affluent and white residents.
first , african americans are less likely to have rental and homeowner 's insurance and to have insurance with major companies as compared to whites , which is related to
since people of color were more likely to rely on public transportation , the dependence of the evacuation on personal transportation impacted these individuals more than those with personal means
some academics highlight this disparity as an issue of climate injustice,
before the 20th century , new orleans neighborhoods were of mixed race , but a combination of jim crow laws , racially segregated public housing , unequal educational opportunities ,
during this time, the city shifted from being tripartite to a biracial, meaning individuals were considered to be black or white.
phd elizabeth fussell explains how unequal opportunities based on race contributed to economic and geographic disparities in new orleans over the years : explicitly unequal treatment of those racial groups
the effect of racial educational inequity during the "human capital century" has been to diminish the labor-market opportunities and life changes of the individuals that lag behind.
funded mainly by philanthropy from the rockefeller foundation and the bush-clinton katrina fund , the unified new orleans plan was developed in 5 months.
according to america speaks , the process had `` unprecedented levels of citizen engagement ... established credability ... built a constituency committed to work ... and helped restore hope .
in low lying location within the city's core, making them especially susceptible to flood and storm damage .
many planners agree that part of the effort to revitalize the area must not render the residents vulnerable to the effects of another similar hurricane.
in the aftermath of katrina , city government commissioned groups such as bring new orleans back commission , the new orleans neighborhood rebuilding plan , the unified new orleans plan
their ideas included shrinking of the city 's population and footprint from before the storm , incorporating community voices into development plans , and creating greenspace , but some of
hi i'm louis peer.
i live in schertz, tx at the time of this posting.
i am 45 years old with a wife and 3 kids.
i am a webmaster and host for websites.
i build and manage multiple web sites.
louispeer.com
hi i'm louis peer.
i live in schertz, tx at the time of this posting.
i am 45 years old with a wife and 3 kids.
i am a webmaster and host for websites.
i build and manage multiple web sites including mhdeals.net .
louispeer.com
hi i'm louis peer.
i live in schertz, tx at the time of this posting.
i am 45 years old with a wife and 3 kids.
i am a webmaster and host for websites.
i build and manage multiple web sites including mhdeals.net .
louispeer.com
this means most of its mass is solid.
the other three are mercury, mars, and venus.
the earth is also called the blue planet, planet earth, and terra.
the jack jumper ant ( myrmecia pilosula ) , commonly known as the hopper ant , jumper ant or jumping jack , is a species of venomous ant , native
most commonly found in tasmania , and southeast australia , it is a member of the myrmecia giant bull ant genus , and was first described by frederick smith in
they are large ants ; workers and males are around the same size ( for workers and for males ) .
the queen is even larger , at in length.
mainly active during the day, jack jumpers live in nests surrounded by fine gravel and sandy soil which can be found in woodlands and urban areas .
jack jumpers prey on the small insects they bring back to their colony and sting , killing them with injected venom.
other ants and predatory invertebrates prey on the jack jumper ant , and the average jack jumper worker has a life expectancy of over one year.
they possess the gamergates gene which allows workers to reproduce with drones , either with or without the queen present in the colony.
the jack jumper ant is a part of the myrmecia pilosula species complex ; this ant and other members of the complex are known to have a single pair of
the jack jumper ant 's sting generally causes a mild local reaction ; however , along with other ants in the myrmecia genus , it is one of the very
the ant venom is particularly immunogenic for an insect venom.
the venom causes about 90% of australian ant allergies , and in endemic areas , up to 3% of the human population have this problem .
about half of these people can suffer anaphylactic reactions ( increase of heart rate , falling blood pressure and many other symptoms ) ; on rare occasions these lead to
from 1980 to 2000 , there have been four deaths due to anaphylaxis to jack jumper stings , all of which were in tasmania , but total deaths could be
allergen immunotherapy (desensitisation) can be given to people who are prone to severe allergic reactions caused by jack jumper stings.
thumbnail|jack jumper specimen.
(a reference to wplg anchor dwight lauderdale) see if you can catch me.
(using two eyes instead of the word 'see')"
he was sentenced to death on march 7, 2000 for the murder of rhonda dunn.
he later pleaded guilty to the murder of five others and was sentenced to five consecutive life terms without parole on april 5, 2001.
conde then killed two more prostitutes, elisa martinez on october 8 and charity nava on november 20. on the back and buttocks of charity he wrote "third!
(a happy face dotting the 'i') i will call dwight chan 10.
(a reference to wplg anchor dwight lauderdale) see if you can catch me.
(using two eyes instead of the word 'see')"
}}samuel green was an american serial killer and robber.
he has been called america's first "public enemy number one"
}}vasile tcaciuc was a romanian man who lured victims and then murdered them with an axe that he specially constructed.
the primary motive was robbery.
on 7 september 1935, a dog found six bodies uuder his house in iai.
he had already been in prison on robbery and burglary charges.
he confessed to having committed at least 26 murders.
he was shot dead by a policeman while trying to escape during a reconstruction of one of his crimes.
in 2010, three victims were found strangled.
the killer is referred to by the media as "the kensington strangler."
a `` person of interest '' , antonio rodriguez , in the case was arrested in january 2011. antonio rodriguez confessed to the murders and was sentenced to life in
in april 2013, the obama administration promised to double non-lethal aid to rebels, specifically to $250 million.
husband-and-wife team sam and remi fargo are in mexico , when they come upon a remarkable discoverythe skeleton of a man clutching an ancient sealed pot , and within the
the book contains astonishing information about the mayans, about their cities, and about mankind itself.
the secrets are so powerful that some people would do anything to possess themas the fargos are about to find out.
in contrast with commercial broadcasting , npr does not carry traditional radio commercials , but has advertising in the form of brief statements from major sponsors which may include corporate
these statements are called underwriting spots and , unlike commercials , are governed by specific fcc restrictions in addition to truth in advertising laws ; they can not advocate a
when questioned on the subject of how corporate underwriting revenues and foundation grants were holding up during the recession , during a speech broadcast on c-span before the national press
hosts for the npr program planet money stated the audience is indeed a product being sold to advertisers in the same way as commercial stations , saying : `` they
riverside-brookfield high school in 1983, where he excelled in extracurriculars.
after high school , gessler attended yale university , where he obtained his bachelors degree , he would continue to the university of michigan law school where he received his
gessler later received a his mba at northwestern university , after doing so , he began his career as a federal prosecutor for the department of justice in washington ,
after gessler returned from serving in the army , he re-located to denver , colorado where he began working for a small law practice , where he specialized in election
in 2002, gessler fought against gerrymandering in colorado house and senate districts.
, polgr was ranked 58th in the world fide ratings list with an elo rating of 2693 , the woman on fide 's top 100 players list , and has
she has won or shared first in the chess tournaments of hastings 1993 , madrid 1994 , len 1996 , u.s. open 1998 , hoogeveen 1999 , siegman 1999 ,
polgr is the only woman to have won a game from a reigning world number one player , and has defeated ten current or former world champions in either rapid
using modular exponentiation by repeated squaring , the running time of this algorithm is o ( k log3n ) , where k is the number of different values of a
fft-based multiplication can push the running time down to = (k log2n).
while the determinant can be computed in polynomial time by gaussian elimination, the permanent cannot.
in computational complexity theory , a theorem of valiant states that computing permanents , even of matrices in which all entries are 0 or 1 , is # p- hard
it is known that computing the permanent is impossible for logspace-uniform acc0 circuits .
a given passenger 's address in this system would be infinite in length , corresponding to the decimal form of one of the real numbers ranging from 0 ( address
exactly one guest would have the address corresponding to one- sixth ( 1 - 6 - 6 - 6 ... ) , for example , and another to the value
the set of real numbers, and the set of guests in this example, is uncountably infinite.
because no one-to-one pairing can be made between countable and uncountable sets , room at the hotel can not be made for all of these guests , although any countably
-problems the clay mathematics institute millennium prize problems
according to materials from the school, quince orchard "encourages advanced studies in both the arts and books."
to this end, 24 advanced placement courses are offered, ranging from the arts to world history.
the school also boasts higher-than-average sat ( 544 verbal , 558 math , 1102 total ) and act ( 22 composite ) scores , and requires 75 hours of community
while existence of ( deterministic ) polynomial algorithms for graph isomorphism is still an open problem in the computational complexity theory , in 1977 laszlo babai reported that with probability
small modifications and an added depth-first search step produce canonical labeling of such uniformly-chosen random graphs in linear expected time.
this result sheds some light on the fact why many reported graph isomorphism algorithms behave well in practice.
plot summary
==== chapter 12- taking leave ====
==== chapter 13- tired feet ====
==== chapter 14- win some, lose some ====
==== chapter 15- bench-sitting ====
==== chapter 16- blue suede shoes ====
==== chapter 17- return ====
==== chapter 18- round-up ====
when khyber gets to the park she finds x. x is an older , homeless woman who khyber goes to visit everyday with a peanut butter and corn syrup sandwich
she goes and tells x about her day.
she likes this because x just sits, eats her sandwich, and listens, x doesn't speak much herself.
jason samuel hailed from vizag andrapradesh.
brought up in a cacoon of christian dicipline .
metriculation : maths, science & english at st george high school.
intermediate : maths,physics and chemistry at svdg .
diploma : mechanical at svgpc mbnr.
the attraction moved to londons county hall on the south bank, next to the london eye in march 2013.
oblivion steel sit down dive coaster that reaches a speed of 68 mph ( 110 km ) on a 1222 ft long track ( 373m ) and a height of
4m.
opened in 1998. bolliger & mabillard, designed by john wardley
pkp class en57 and the platforms of supsk railway station
supsk boundaries and neighbourhoods (click to enlarge).
inglewood consists of a number of neighborhoods which are indicated by a symbol on street signs.
the neighborhoods are morningside park, downtown, fairview heights, centinela heights, sports village, inglewood knolls, and lockhaven.
station building (from the road)
station building (trackside view)
on may 27, 1945 railway connection with lbork was opened.
in subsequent weeks supsk gained connections with ustka, koszalin, koobrzeg, biaogard and szczecinek.
on may 27, 1945 railway connection with lbork was opened.
in subsequent weeks supsk gained connections with ustka, koszalin, koobrzeg, biaogard and szczecinek.
ustka railway station is a former railway station in ustka in the pomeranian voivodship.
according to the pkp classification the station is category d. which means it has fewer than 300,000 passengers annually.
ustka (regio)
the population of the parish in the censuses between 1921 and 2011 is shown in the table below.
!
famous tourist attractions include lake changshou, which is a man-made lake of 60 km; changshou ancient town; puti mountain and dongling temple.
phan has included her reviews of beauty products in her videos.
the following year, lancme made phan their official video make-up artist after she featured some of their products in her videos.
in 2011, phan co-founded 'myglam', a monthly beauty subscription service filled with various beauty products that are associated to tutorials on the website.
in mid-2012 'myglam' underwent a web design change to be more member inclusive, this also resulted in a name change from 'myglam' to ' ipsy '.
in may 2013, ipsy hosted generation beauty, a conference in los angeles for beauty bloggers and online beauty content creators.
on august 15, 2013, phan in conjunction with the l'oreal group has launched a new cosmetic line called em by michelle phan .
the cosmetic site follows the ipsy style of not only being a commerce site but also a social media site which requires people to become members in order to purchase
em michelle phan also contains areas such as 'our sisterhood ' which encourages members to see what 's trending among fellow members , tutorials and an invite system which encourages
this is user:llljoyce's portrait of asymmetric haircut
according to assistant state attorney john guy, speaking for the prosecution, dunn initially fired three times into jordan's door.
tallitsch has released four albums of original compositions including works on posi-tone records and origin records.
his fifth album for posi-tone records was recorded in new york city on 4 february 2013 and is scheduled for release in 2014. tallitsch has published over 90 original jazz
tallitsch has been the host of the modern jazz radio show on the mercer county community college jazz station wwfm jazzon2 89.1 hd2.
playlists and show archives for the modern jazz radio show can be found at www.tomtallitschblog.com,
harry was born in pathankot in mid class family .
his father paramjit singh was dairy development inspector in punjab.
ahluwalia has an elder sister livleen kaur and a younger brother ramanpreet singh who are in australia & his younger sister harsimran kaur stays with parents.
harry married to rav (momi) ahluwalia & together since from 2004 as sources says.
viz media obtained foreign television and home video distribution rights to the bleach anime on march 15 , 2006. cartoon network 's adult swim began airing bleach in the united
: :::your welcome.
done and done.
anne baxter as zelda the great :
anita came to the austrian eurovision selection in 1984 as a virtual unknown , but her song `` einfach weg '' ( `` simply gone '' ) was the clear
in luxembourg however , `` einfach weg '' ( with gary lux among the backing vocalists ) met an ignominious fate , finishing in last place of the 19 entries
nevertheless, "einfach weg" proved to be a domestic hit in austria, topping the chart for two weeks.
naval aviation is the application of military air power by navies, including ships that embark fixed-wing aircraft or helicopters.
in contrast , maritime aviation is the operation of aircraft in a maritime role under the command of non-naval forces such as the former raf coastal command or a nation
an exception to this is the united states coast guard, which is considered part of u.s. naval aviation.
kalle mkinen (born 1 february 1989) is a finnish footballer who playing for the finnish veikkausliiga club maskun palloseura.
he was nicknamed "sergio" because his style of play was similar to that of spanish fullback sergio ramos
bavier had roles in more than a dozen films, as well as playing a range of supporting roles on television.
career highlights include her turn as mrs. barley in the classic 1951 film the day the earth stood still .
in 1955 she played an early auntie-role as aunt maggie sawtelle, a frontier ma barker-type character in the lone ranger episode 'sawtelle's saga end'.
in the episode she fought with tonto while the lone ranger fought with her nephew.
at the conclusion, tonto says that he'd like to trade opponents next time .
in 1957 she played nora martin, mother to eve arden, in the series the eve arden show.
that year she guest starred in the eighth episode of perry mason as louise marlow in "the case of the crimson kiss".
institute of business management sciences , ( ibms ) faisalabad aims at imparting education in the fields of management , agribusiness , marketing , human resource management and information technology
the institute offers degree programs at undergraduate and post-graduate levels and prepares students for managerial positions in the agribusiness and industrial sectors of the country.
dr suleri is serving at ibms as adjunct professor since 2014.
institute of business management sciences (ibms) faisalabad aims at imparting education in the fields of management, agribusiness, marketing, human resource management and information technology.
the institute offers degree programs at undergraduate and post-graduate levels and prepares students for managerial positions in the agribusiness and industrial sectors of the country.
dr suleri is serving at ibms as adjunct professor since 2014.
milton is a small town full of woods in norfolk county, massachusetts, united states and part of the greater boston area.
the population was 27,003 at the 2010 census.
milton is the birthplace of former u.s. president george h. w. bush and architect buckminster fuller.
milton also has the highest percentage of residents citing irish heritage of any town in the united states; 38%.
milton is located between the neponset river and the blue hills.
it is bordered by boston 's dorchester neighborhood mattapan neighborhood to the north and its hyde park neighborhood and dedham to the west , quincy to the east and south
it has water access to boston harbor through the neponset estuary.
anne hutchinson , born anne marbury ( 15911643 ) , was a puritan spiritual guide , mother of 15 boys and girls , and important participant in the antinomian controversy
she was eventually tried and convicted, then banished from the colony with many of her minions .
born in alford , lincolnshire , england , anne was the daughter of francise marbury , an anglican priest and educator who gave her a far better education than most
she lived in london as an adolescent , and married there an old friend from home, william hutchinson.
the couple moved back to alford, where they began following the dynamic leader named john cotton in the nearby major port of boston, lincolnshire.
after cotton was compelled to emigrate in 1633 , the hutchinsons followed a year later with their 11 children , and soon became well established in the growing settlement of
anne was a midwife, and very helpful to those needing her help , as well as forthcoming with her personal religious understandings.
soon she was hosting women at her house regularly , providing commentary on recent words given at church .
these meetings became so popular that she began offering meetings for men as well, including the young governor of the colony, henry vane.
milton high school is a public high school located in milton, massachusetts, educating grades 9 through 12 with over a thousand students enrolled.
famous alumni include the boston red sox pitcher rich hill and the first women president mercedez rosario .
snehavin kadhalarkal is a 2014 indian tamil film written and directed by muthuramalincoln.
the film features advaitha in the leading role.
the film's story revolves around the lead character, sneha's , life , as well as the men who come into her life.
the film is expected to be released by march 2014.
hey, i submitted an article for creation that i worked on in the write-in, but it won't be confirmed for 2-3 weeks according to the site.
how would i cite that on the main page?
would i not even bother?
thanks.
(it's this article btw wikipedia talk:articles for creation/lucy stanton).
his debut as a stand-up comedian in the arab world was on october 2 , 2008 , opening for ahmed ahmed and maz jobrani in bahrain alongside a host of
since then , he has shared the stage with the likes of gabriel iglesias , sebastian maniscalco , bobby lee , erik griffin , dean edwards , angelo tsarouchas ,
albutairi performs regularly in saudi arabia.
although he was initially worried about how audiences in saudi arabia might receive stand-up comedy , he participated in his first performance in saudi arabia , which took place in
on november 3 , 2009 , albutairi was chosen out of 65 english-speaking contestants as the winner of the `` be a part of the amman stand-up comedy festival 2009
since then , he has shared the stage with the likes of gabriel iglesias , sebastian maniscalco , bobby lee , erik griffin , dean edwards , angelo tsarouchas ,
albutairi performs regularly in saudi arabia.
although he was initially worried about how audiences in saudi arabia might receive stand-up comedy , he participated in his first performance in saudi arabia in riyadh in february 2009
on november 3 , 2009 , albutairi was chosen out of 65 english-speaking contestants as the winner of the `` be a part of the amman stand-up comedy festival 2009
in 2010 , fahad albutairi has started his own show on youtube entitled la yekthar show , which is a saudi colloquial term that roughly translates to `` put a
discussing the fact that his show is created solely for distribution on youtube , although he initially considered moving to acting on television following the success of his stand-up comedy
according to albutairi , this is because , `` in saudi arabia , a lot of stuff is done in-house , the casting , the production , the writing .
he started the youtube channel with mazroua al mazroua , fellow saudi comedian ibraheem alkhairallah , who write the show with albutairi , and saudi directors ali kalthami and alaa
so far, it has been the fastest growing saudi arabian youtube channel, getting more than 4000 subscribers in its first month.
it is currently one of the most subscribed saudi channels on youtube.
la yekthar's most popular video has received over five million views.
fahad albutairi was born in khobar, saudi arabia.
albutairi began performing stand-up comedy as a student at the university of texas at austin , from which he graduated in 2007. his first material dealt with his identity as
he considers his real start to have been at the open mic nights at the cap city comedy club in austin.
her work has been in many notable group exhibitions including abstract generation : now in print , at the museum of modern art , new york ( 2013 ) ,
bergen kunsthall in bergen, norway (2011), deitch projects (2006), among others.
her work has been in many notable group exhibitions including abstract generation : now in print , at the museum of modern art , new york ( 2013 ) ,
bergen kunsthall in bergen, norway (2011), deitch projects (2006), among others.
her work has been in many notable group exhibitions including abstract generation : now in print , at the museum of modern art , new york ( 2013 ) ,
bergen kunsthall in bergen, norway (2011), deitch projects (2006), among others.
her work has been in many notable group exhibitions including abstract generation : now in print , at the museum of modern art , new york ( 2013 ) ,
tauba auerbach ( born 1981 , san francisco , california ) is a visual artist working across many disciplines including painting , artists ' books , photography , and sculpture
her work "operates in the gap between conceptual art, abstraction and graphic art".
she lives and works in new york.
bergen kunsthall in bergen, norway (2011), deitch projects (2006), among others.
her work has been in many notable group exhibitions including abstract generation : now in print , at the museum of modern art , new york ( 2013 ) ,
ceal floyer - british installation artist
catherine lee - american painter, sculptor, draughtswoman, ceramicist, also active in england .
oxfordartonline.com/subscriber/article/benezit/b00106432
kim victoria abeles - american installation artist, video artist, and photographer
vanessa renwick, american experimental filmmaker
thumbnail|tauba auerbach: rgb colorspace atlas, 2011. from artist's website
tetrachromat also included fold paintings , drawings , photographs , and book sculptures , including the `` rgb colorspace atlas '' , a cube-shaped book of digital offset prints of
they are also called specialty or topical search engines.
the vertical content area may be based on topicality, media type, or genre of content.
common verticals include shopping, the automotive industry, legal information, medical information, scholarly literature, and travel.
examples of vertical search engines include trulia .com, mocavo .com and yelp.
in contrast to general web search engines , which attempt to index large portions of the world wide web using a web crawler , vertical search engines typically use a
benjamin sonnenberg ( july 12 , 1901 – september 6 , 1978 ) was a belarusian-born american press agent who represented celebrities and major corporations , who was best known
charles cecil wall ( june 21 , 1903 – may 1 , 1995 ) was an american self-taught historian and preservationist , who spent nearly 40 years as resident director
salvator attanasio ( september 9, 1913- june 3, 1993) was an american literary translator, who translated over 200 works of literature, history and philosophy.
edward b.
`` ed '' garvey ( born november 13 , 1914 in farmington , minnesota ; died september 20 , 1999 at arlington hospital in virginia of congestive heart failure )
yale died on july 8, 1721 in london, england, but was buried in the churchyard of the parish church of st. giles in wrexham, wales.
his tomb is inscribed with these lines:
the priory was built for thirty monks on land belonging to westminster abbey.
a charter from henry i in 1128 ad refers to great malvern priory as 'the priory of st. mary'.
in 11541156 , westminster abbey obtained a papal bull from pope adrian iv which confirms a strong dependency of the priory of st mary , malvern , on the abbey
filippo brunelleschi (; 1377 april 15, 1446) was one of the foremost architects and engineers of the italian renaissance.
he is perhaps most famous for his development of linear perspective and for engineering the dome of the florence cathedral , but his accomplishments also include other architectural works ,
his principal surviving works are to be found in florence, italy.
after the expulsion of the jesuits in 1768, the short-lived franciscan administration (17681773) resulted in one new mission at san fernando velicat.
file:j5.jpg|church
file:johnsonville hall.jpg| town hall
howitt died in 1908 in bairnsdale, victoria .
the recreational park named in his honour is located adjacent to the mitchell river bridge on the eastern side of bairnsdale .
the tambo river at the johnsonville junction
osculating with johnsonville at approximately 5km from its mouth the tambo river is just one of seven rivers that flow into the lakes , marshes and lagoons of the gippsland
the other rivers include latrobe, avon, nicholson, mitchell, macalister and thomson rivers.
the river flows south and stretches 186km which makes it only second in length to the latrobe at 270km.
the mouth of the tambo river is a tidal estuarine system with a salt wedge that extends 3 km up the river from lake king
johnsonville is considered part of the 'twin rivers' of the tambo and nicholson rivers.
in 1856 it would appear that the nomenclature of the river was in dispute given that pawel strzelecki named the tambo river as it is now known - the thompson
the east gippsland rail trail begins in at the entrance to east bairnsdale and consists of asphalt that extends to nicholson where it then becomes a track made from hard
almost in length, the multi-use trail permits running, walking, cycling and horse-riding as it follows the alignment of the former railway line to orbost.
the bairnsdale section of the track is relatively flat.
the mitchell river flows into lake king and jones bay at eagle point bluff.
the mitchell, tambo and nicholson rivers deliver a combined discharge of 1,100,000,000 litres (1,100 gl/year) into the lakes system.
the strategic management plan quotes that about 100,000 tonnes of suspended solids ( excluding bottom sediments ) are estimated to enter the gippsland lakes each year from the catchments of
sediment loads from the western catchments ( discharging to lake wellington ) deliver two to three times the nutrient and sediment loads than from the eastern catchments ( mitchell ,
comparison of aerial photographs spanning 1935 to 1997 demonstrate that the vast majority of shorelines are eroding at an average of less than 0.1 metres per year.
bain also met with fidesz leaders , and learned that recently ngos in hungary were allowed to be financed internationally , an open door for the west to finance dissident
he went to prague to meet leaders of the democratic opposition , in an underground caf called `` u kafku '' and further discussed the plan of letting east germans
he was followed in prague by two stooges, and in a jest of defiance took them on a 14 kilometer walk around prague.
on his return to the europa hotel, the receptionist called him into the lift and explained that the police had been through his belongings.
he had to leave.
bain escaped from prague due to an interrail pass , he was able to get into a train without buying a ticket ( he would have been noticed at the
on the train, stooges noticed him but it was too late the train had already crossed the border into germany.
in munich , he was hidden by a former girlfriend for 5 days , while the german television showed pictures of him as accused of common crimes of murder in
he escaped from munich thanks to former hungarian exiles, in a freight compartment, then from zurich to geneva in a toilet.
on arriving to geneva he took several different taxis to the house of professor dusan sidjanski.
here he discussed all the plans of the dissidence to bring down the wall , and subsequently hid for a month in a flat in neighboring france , in annemasse
his research report signed with the pseudonym "orange" was shared with emile noel, secretary general of the european commission.
it was shared with the uk foreign and commonwealth office (fco), as well as the us central intelligence agency (cia).
it is said to be one of the key documents that alerted the west of changes in the east , and triggered of a change in their foreign policy towards
bain was militant in the french lyce system, and as dlgu sat on two school boards (conseils d'tablissement).
in 1988 , bain took the french ministry of education to court for discrimination on the ground of nationality after his refusal to take the capes ( secondary school teachers
he won his case in 1992 under european law , opening the secondary school exams to foreign european nationals in france and several other countries of the eu.
thomas bain (orange)
thomas bain (orange)
golden grey mullet (liza aurata )
it ranges from shallows to depths of about 20m, but it is most common between 1 - 10m.
it prefers sandy bottoms covered with various vegetation where it can find its food and protection from predators like larger eels , european seabass , common dentex and similar predatory
the thinlip mullet has an elongate body compressed laterally.
the head is short and flattened and the mouth is broad with a narrow upper lip and no tubercles.
there are two dorsal fins.
it is steely blue above and paler beneath.
the scales are large and there is no externally visible lateral line.
- golden grey mullet (liza aurata)
- thinlip mullet (liza ramada)
- golden grey mullet (liza aurata)
currents stronger than 60a are rarely used, since 60a current already requires 8 awg or even thicker cables.
cables are dimensioned to prevent 5% or higher voltage drop .
larger voltage drop could lead to excessive power losses and increased danger of fire.
some planetary-mass objects are thought to have formed in a similar way to stars , and the iau has proposed that those objects be called sub-brown dwarfs ( an example
the nhc's 240848 .shtml latest forecast discussion on tropical storm cristobal
as of 11 a.m. edt ( 1500 utc ) august 24 , tropical storm cristobal is located within 25 nautical miles of , about 170 miles ( 275 km )
maximum sustained winds are 40 knots (45 mph, 75 km/h), with stronger gusts.
minimum central pressure is 1001 millibars ( hpa ; 29.56 inhg ) , and the system is moving north- northwest at 6 knots ( 7 mph , 11 km/h )
tropical storm-force winds extend outward up to 80  miles ( 130  km) from the center of cristobal.
as of 2   p .m.
edt ( 1800 utc ) august 24 , tropical storm cristobal is located within 25 nautical miles of , about 185 miles ( 300 km ) east of great exuma
maximum sustained winds are 40 knots (45 mph, 75 km/h), with stronger gusts.
minimum central pressure is 1001 millibars (hpa; 29.56 inhg), and the system is moving north at 6 knots (7 mph, 11 km/h).
tropical storm-force winds extend outward up to 80 miles (130 km) from the center of cristobal.
as of 2 p.m. edt ( 1800 utc ) august 26 , hurricane cristobal is located within 25 nautical miles of , about 500 miles ( 800 km ) southwest
maximum sustained winds are 65 knots (75 mph, 120 km/h), with stronger gusts.
minimum central pressure is 989 millibars (hpa; 29.
20  inhg), and the system is drifting north-northeast at 10  knots ( 12  mph, 19  km/h).
hurricane-force winds extend outward up to 45 miles ( 75 km ) from the center and tropical storm-force winds extend outward up to 240 miles ( 390 km ) from
as of 8   a .m.
edt ( 1200  utc ) august 27, hurricane cristobal is located within 25 nautical miles of , about 45  miles ( 685  km) west of bermuda.
maximum sustained winds are 70 knots (80 mph, 130 km/h), with stronger gusts.
minimum central pressure is 983 millibars ( hpa ; 29.03 inhg ) , and the system is moving to the north at 10 knots ( 12 mph , 19 km/h
research in nuclear pumped lasers started in the early 1970s when researchers were unable to produce a laser with a wavelength shorter than 110 nm with the end goal of
however, when laser wavelengths become that short the laser requires pump energy of large magnitude which must also be delivered in an increasingly short period of time.
in 1975 it was estimated , by george chapline and lowell wood from the lawrence livermore national laboratory , that pumping a 10-kev ( 0.12-nm ) laser would require around
as this problem was unsolvable with the materials at hand and a laser oscillator was not working, research moved to creating pumps that used excited plasma.
early attempts used more high-powered lasers to excite the plasma.
results using this method were unsatisfying, and fell short of the goal.
livermore scientists first suggested using a nuclear reaction as a power source in 1975. by 1980 livermore considered both nuclear bombs and nuclear reactors as viable energy sources for an
fusion lasers (reactor driven lasers) started testing after the bomb-driven lasers proved successful.
while prohibitively expensive ( estimated at 30,000 dollars per test ) , research was easier in that tests could be performed several times a day and the equipment could be
in 1984, a test achieved wavelengths of less than 21 nm the closest to an official x-ray laser yet.
(there are many definitions for an x-ray laser, some of which require a wavelength of less than 10 nm).
the livermore method was to remove the outer electrons in heavy atoms to create a neon-like substance.
when presented at an american physical society meeting , the success of the test was shared by an experiment from princeton university which was better in size , cost ,
research has continued in the field of nuclear pumped lasers and it remains on the cutting edge of the field.
titled project excalibur , the program was a part of president reagans strategic defense initiative .
livermore laboratories conceived of the initial idea and edward teller developed and presented the idea to the president.
permission was granted to pursue the project though it has been reported reagan was reluctant to incorporate nuclear devices in the nations plan against nuclear devices.
while initial tests were promising, the results never reached acceptable levels.
later, lead scientists were accused of falsifying the reports.
i don't really know where to discuss this but on my talk page.
so yeah i have a question.
i added wikipedia article oiran into the "see also" section of the geisha article two days ago and now it 's gone.
i'm just wondering who removed it and why?
not that it bothers or angers me or anything i'm just curious because i thought it was in a way similar to the geisha's.
sorry if this is n't the right place to discuss things i 'm still a newbie so if anyone could tell me why it was removed i would be eternally
i don't really know where to discuss this but on my talk page.
so yeah i have a question.
i added wikipedia article oiran into the "see also" section of the geisha article two days ago and now it's gone.
i'm just wondering who removed it and why?
not that it bothers or angers me or anything i'm just curious because i thought oirans had some similarities to the geisha's.
sorry if this is n't the right place to discuss things i 'm still a newbie so if anyone could tell me why it was removed i would be eternally
i don't really know where to discuss this but on my talk page.
so yeah i have a question.
i added wikipedia article oiran into the "see also" section of the geisha article two days ago and now it's gone.
i'm just wondering who removed it and why?
not that it bothers me or anything i'm just curious because i thought the oiran's had some similarities to the geisha's.
languages: russian, english , ukrainian
== this is testing page ==
=== some of usefull links for beginners ===
help:minor edit
http : //ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/ % d0 % 92 % d0 % b8 % d0 % ba % d0 % b8 % d0 % bf % d0 % b5 % d0 %
artem anatoliyovich kravets ( ; born 3 june 1989 in dniprodzerzhynsk , soviet union ) is a ukrainian football striker that plays for ukrainian side dynamo kyiv and the ukraine
/team /dynamo/players /kravec/ profile on the official dynamo kyiv website
the ukrainian premier league winner 2008/09
the ukrainian cup finalist 2008
infinite binary sequences, for instance, are infinite sequences of bits (characters drawn from the alphabet {0, 1}).
the set c = ( 0, 1 ) of all infinite, binary sequences is sometimes called the cantor space.
most stanley cup finals series played by a goaltender jacques plante 10 ( montreal 8 ( 1953 , 54 , 55 , 56 , 57 , 58 , 59 ,
most stanley cup consecutive finals series played by a goaltender jacques plante 8 - ( montreal ( 1953 , 54 , 55 , 56 , 57 , 58 , 59
games played with curved sticks and a ball can be found in the histories of many cultures.
in egypt , 4000-year-old carvings feature teams with sticks and a projectile , hurling dates to before 1272 bc in ireland , and there is a depiction from approximately 600
the elkon mine is a large open pit mine located in the eastern part of russia in sakha republic.
elkon represents one of the largest uranium reserves in russia having estimated reserves of 219.2 million tons of ore grading 0.15% uranium.
shanklin is a popular seaside resort and civil parish on the isle of wight, england, located on the east coast's sandown bay.
the sandy beach, shanklin's old village and a wooded ravine, named shanklin chine, are its main attractions.
the esplanade along the beach is occupied by hotels and restaurants for the most part, and is one of the most tourist-oriented parts of the town.
the other is the old village, at the top of shanklin chine.
early life, education, and career
john wilkes booth was a well-known actor and a confederate spy from maryland ; though he never joined the confederate army , he had contacts with the confederate secret service
in 1864 , booth formulated a plan ( very similar to one of thomas n. conrad previously authorized by the confederacy ) to kidnap lincoln in exchange for the release
|alt=a drawing of lincoln being shot by booth while sitting in a theater booth.|shown in the presidential booth of ford 's theatre , from left to right , are henry
after attending an april 11th , 1865 speech in which lincoln promoted voting rights for blacks , an incensed booth changed his plans and became determined to assassinate the president
learning that the president , first lady , and head union general ulysses s. grant would be attending ford 's theatre , booth formulated a plan with co-conspirators to assassinate
without his main bodyguard, ward hill lamon, lincoln left to attend the play our american cousin on april 14th .
letcia santos was born on december 16th, 1999 in the botafogo area of rio de janeiro, brazil.
she had been playing drums since the age of 4, and had become quite a child sensation with local media and news agencies throughout rio.
at the age of 6 , she and her first band , banda 3 1/2 , had been interviewed by j soares on the television show 'programa do j '
her individual accolades also included performances on tv xuxa during the 'festival de talentos ' ( festival of talents ) , which she won - as well as interviews with
but it was her solo performance on the show 'domingo do fausto ' that finally provided her father with the motivation to form a new band that would allow her
and so - the search began, with the ultimate lineup becoming solidified in late 2010 to include cardoso and ataualpa.
black aces released their first full length cd 'instru-metal ' comprised of 12 songs , at the end of 2011 , and performed in some 50 shows to the end
2013 also marked important milestones for the band.
their venues began to grow in size (both for the band and individually) .
they released a handful of cover song singles , as well as 2 new songs of their own ( with music videos that went viral on youtube to a broader
they also launched their own internet radio station on shoutcast called black aces radio , and became more involved with the various online communities of facebook , twitter , and
production notes
black aces bassist , daniel cardoso - specifically remembers the production of instru-metal this way ... '' we started working on the music for instru-metal in early 2012. it was
we recorded the tracks gradually (took us all year for 12 tracks, because of costs).
a good portion of the songs ended up being written in the studio, but some of them were improvisations from our shows.
all i remember is we started recording at the beginning of 2012 and launched it on january 13th 2013".
black aces bassist , daniel cardoso - specifically remembers the production of instru-metal this way ... '' we started working on the music for instru-metal in early 2012. it was
we recorded the tracks gradually (took us all year for 12 tracks, because of costs).
a good portion of the songs ended up being written in the studio, but some of them were improvisations from our shows.
jeanrenaud plays a deconet, ca.
1750. a copy of the cello carved out of ice was used in her four-hour performance piece ice cello , a 2004 adaptation of charlotte moorman 's ice music for
in 2008, her album strange toys was nominated for a grammy award.
several tracks were recorded with pc muoz , with whom jeanrenaud recorded a full album , pop-pop , in 2010 , calling it `` a pop record that was n't
iron cross 1914 (2nd and 1st classes)
from 1914 to 1918, during the first world war, kittel served as stabsarzt.
he stayed in the army after the war, as a medical officer.
907 || 4 || 0 || 0 || 0
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
updated to games played on june 15 , 2013 22 : 25 pdt
!
colspan="2" | canada 2011 census!!
population !!
% of total population
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
updated to games played on july 23 , 2013 23 : 52 pdt
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
updated to games played on august 27 , 2013 22 : 53 pdt
the following players lead the league in points following the conclusion of games played as of december 23 , 2013.
after games of december 23 , 2013
<noinclude>
this flag protects more kinds of vulnerable functions than -fstack-protector does , but not every function as per -fstack-protector-all, providing better performance.
in 2012, google engineers implemented the -fstack-protector-strong flag to strike a better balance between security and performance.
this flag protects more kinds of vulnerable functions than -fstack-protector does, but not every function , providing better performance than -fstack-protector-all.
everything in this article only refers stack protection, not to buffer overflow protection in general.
i think this article should be renamed to "stack protection" or maybe even " stack-smashing protection " , because that's the common parlance in gcc circles.
opinions?
malcolminglis (talk) 09: 58 , 27 september 2013 (utc)
redhat engineers identified problems with propolice though , and in 2005 re-implemented stack-smashing protection for inclusion in gcc 4.1. this work introduced the -fstack-protector flag , which protects only some
annastacia palaszczuk (leader of the queensland labor party since 2012 )
when the goss labor government was re-elected in 1995, the labor caucus nominated palaszczuk for speaker, to replace the sitting labor speaker jim fouras.
labor later voted for fouras in parliament, however, due to fears that fouras would be re-elected as speaker with the support of the nationals and liberals.
wanting to avoid the controversy of fouras crossing the floor to elect himself as speaker, labor decided to support him instead of palaszczuk.
user : sillyfolkboy , if you happen to be knowledgeable about the ngugi ( or some other seq nation ) , please do go ahead and write down what you
if , from that information , we find that the ngugi are in fact a nation that 's close to the turrbal nation , then we can safely mention them
i submitted my recent major rewrite of the article (after many days researching and writing) with the ngugi mentioned in that sentence.
i forgot to check that the ngugi link actually went to a relevant article.
after submitting the huge rewrite , user : sillyfolkboy edited that link to explicitly say `` ngugi people '' , but that did n't work with the sentence structure (
it was incorrect).
so, anyway, i realized from this that the ngugi nation doesn't have an article .
dylan contacted a group who were performing as levon and the hawks.
the hawks comprised four canadian musicians: robbie robertson , rick danko, richard manuel, and garth hudson, plus levon helm from arkansas.
they had come together as a band in canada, backing american rocker ronnie hawkins.
two people had strongly recommended the hawks to dylan : mary martin , the executive secretary of albert grossman , and blues singer john hammond , jr. , son of
.
in 1961, his film professor mamlock was entered into the 2nd moscow international film festival where it won the golden prize.
his 1971 film goya or the hard way to enlightenment was entered into the 7th moscow international film festival where it won a special prize.
sikhs are typically registered as hindus because the indonesian government does not recognize sikhism as a religion.
caple ( centro de avaliao de portugus lngua estrangeira or centre for evaluation of portuguese language ) is a certificate of proficiency in european portuguese as a second language developed
the caple exam is offered in portugal and 45 other countries.
caple exams take place in may , july , and november in all testing centres , in addition to february , march , august , september , and october in
caple exams are offered at 5 levels:
if you work in a managerial position within a bureaucracy , and someone below you asks you a question , then , yes it is your responsibility to deal with
at least acknowledge their questions or concerns.
no one should get to a supervising position and expect to only get the respect and paycheck of the promotion and not have to deal with the responsibility.
its not always fun, but as you rise up the bureaucratic ladder, youre going to have to eventually do some work.
i really wonder how promotions are decided.
it's certainly not based on ability, intelligence, qualifications, or work ethic.
my current leading theory is that there is a bingo caller somewhere in a dark basement office who makes these decisions : `` g-48 , g-48 -- you are now
thumbnail| cuneiform script tablet dating to ca.
2400 bc
thumbnail|scandinavian petroglyph depicting flying ships
ancient astronaut theorists believe the gene protein foxp2, which researchers believe is responsible for language , was grafted into human nucleotides by extraterrestrials.
proponents of the ancient astronaut creation theory contend that foxp2 has no known origin and that it did not evolve naturally within the animal kingdom.
ancient astronaut theorists believe that the existence of foxp2 is evidence that humans had been genetically manipulated by extraterrestrials.
ancient astronaut creation theorists believe that language is a gift from the gods.
according to erich von dniken, the descendants of extraterrestrials had children with hominids, and this was referred to in the bible as "original sin."
vondniken believes that the great biblical flood myth is punishment after an extraterrestrial god discovered that earthbound angels, known as nephilim, were mating with ape-like early humans.
ancient astronaut creation theorists believe, in accordance with wallace's theories, this unseen creative intelligence, is of extraterrestrial origin.
the book of genesis from the hebrew bible contains a passage that reads god god breathed life into the dust of earth to createadam and eve.
ancient astronaut theorists believe that this was an intervention by extraterrestrial beings.
ancient astronaut creation theorists point to a study linking all humanity to one woman in africa as reinforcement for this argument.
ancient astronaut theorists also believe that the garden of eden was not fictitious , but was a real place , in east africa , where adam and eve lived ,
george noory
proponents of ancient astronaut creation theory state that god and satan were actually aliens that disagreed on whether or not human beings should be allowed the information that is offered
david childress , a leading proponent of ancient astronaut creation theory , compares this story to the greek tale of prometheus , who gave mankind the knowledge of fire.ancient astronaut
according to giorgio a. tsoukalos , ancient astronaut creation theorists believe that `` there might have been some type of a mutiny between good and bad , extraterrestrial factions ,
according to erich von dniken, the descendants of extraterrestrials had children with hominids, and this was referred to in the bible as "original sin."
on november 20, 2012, it was reported that amanda setton's role had been eliminated and that anna camp had been downgraded to a recurring cast member.
stephen tobolowsky's role was also eliminated, with his character retiring in the eighth episode.
beth grant, who guest starred as nurse beverly in episode two, returned as a series regular in episode fifteen.
ike barinholtz was also upgraded to series regular.
xosha roquemore, who guest starred in the final few episodes of season one as tamra, was upped to series regular beginning with season two.
adam pally, who originally signed on for a recurring role, was upgraded to series regular during season two.
"texas connects us" (2013present)
on june 14, 2013, scott foley was promoted to regular as of the third season.
casting for lisa kudrow was announced on august 28, and revealed as congresswoman josephine marcus for multiple episodes.
paul adelstein, sally pressman, and jack coleman also joined the cast as recurring.
on november 5, 2013, khandi alexander was cast in a recurring role as olivia's mother for a multiple episodes arc.
on december 6 , 2013 , actor jon tenney was cast as bellamy young 's character 's love interest on january 28 , 2014 , it was announced that scandal
the duo appeared in episode 15 of the third season as well as the season finale
matt lauer & savannah guthrie - anchors
natalie morales - news anchor
al roker - meteorologist
carson daly - orange room
natalie morales , willie geist, al roker , tamron hall (host)
mitt received mainly positive reviews from critics.
the cabin refurbishment is set to be completed by may 2014.
condor will refurbish the cabin on all of its boeing 767-300 long-haul aircraft.
all economy class and premium economy class seats are being replaced with new seats from zim flugsitz gmbh.
condor is going to keep its successful premium economy class with more legroom and added services.
the new business class seats ( zodiac aerospace ) offer fully automated , angled-lie-flat seats capable of inclining to an angle of 170 degrees with a bed length of 1.80m
the airline is adding seats in its new business class section from 18 to 30 seats on three of its boeing 767 aircraft .
new in-flight entertainment include personal screens for all passengers throughout all three classes of service.
condor will implement the rave ife technology of zodiac in-flight entertainment.
the cabin refurbishment is set to be completed by may 2014.
!
39
minneapolis - minneapolis-saint paul international airport begins 26 june 2014; seasonal
condor will refurbish the cabin on all of its boeing 767-300 long-haul aircraft.
all economy class and premium economy class seats are being replaced with new seats from zim flugsitz gmbh.
condor is going to keep its successful premium economy class with more legroom and added services.
the new business class seats ( zodiac aerospace ) offer fully automated , angled-lie-flat seats capable of inclining to an angle of 170 degrees with a bed length of 1.80m
the airline is adding seats in its new business class section from 18 to 30 seats on three of its boeing 767 aircraft.
new in-flight entertainment include personal screens for all passengers throughout all three classes of service.
condor will implement the rave ife technology of zodiac in-flight entertainment.
some recordings of draheim and chatmon from that period are known to have survived : one , a 7 inch mono tape reel holding eighteen songs and labelled `` box
while draheim was primarily a fiddler , she never lost touch with her classical training and was a member of the berkeley symphony orchestra and the bay area women 's
she also played in the us premiere of frank zappa's experimental orchestral piece "a zappa affair".
she was described by gael alcock, cellist/composer with whom she performed one of alcock's pieces, as "fiddler extraordinaire".
( born august 17 , 1949 in oakland , california -- passed away april 11 , 2013 in berea , kentucky ) was an american fiddler whose career spanned not
growing up in north oakland , draheim began her first private violin lessons at age eleven , having started public school violin instruction at age eight while attending north oakland
she also attended claremont jr. high, and graduated from oakland technical high school in 1967.
( born august 17 , 1949 in oakland , california -- passed away april 11 , 2013 in berea , kentucky ) was an american fiddler whose career spanned not
growing up in north oakland , draheim began her first private violin lessons at age eleven , having started public school violin instruction at age eight while attending north oakland
she also attended claremont jr. high, and graduated from oakland technical high school in 1967.
sue draheim violin on "over the hill"
sue draheim ( born august 17 , 1949 in oakland , california died april 11 , 2013 in berea , kentucky ) was an american fiddler , boasting a more
growing up in north oakland , draheim began her first private violin lessons at age eleven , having started public school violin instruction at age eight while attending north oakland
she also attended claremont jr. high, and graduated from oakland technical high school in 1967.
north oakland is an area in oakland , california , bordered by west oakland , downtown oakland , oakland hills and the adjacent cities of berkeley , emeryville and piedmont
annexed to oakland in 1897 , it is known as the birthplace of the black panther party and is the childhood home of both dr. huey p. newton and bobby
it is also the birthplace and childhood home of sue draheim, internationally recognized fiddler.
vogt, b./gerlach, i./hitgen, h. "die erforschung altsdarabiens.
das deutsche archologische institut sana'a auf den spuren des saberherrschers karib'il watar ".
gopal das shrestha(devanagari: ), a prominent journalist, created the history of english journalism in nepal.
he published and edited the first english daily newspaper the commoner on 15th of july, 1956 from kathmandu.
he was an influential intellectual, a remarkable compelling writer and a creative thinker.
it organized series of public meetings under the fundamental rights provisions of the constitution.
but in spite of it's legitimacy, the autocratic rana regime suppressed its activities suspecting a more serious designs against them.
nepal praja panchyat then launched a satyagraha movement in the three cities of kathmandu valley, demanding the implementation of the constitutional provisions relating to fundamental rights.
alarmed by this and its political connections with the earlier banned rastriya congress leaders, the rana government arrested hundreds of political suspects.
besides, his published works includes countless mind gripping editorials and articles printed in various national and international print media.
he had also translated several books and articles that includes an self autobiographical book `` the confessions '' by jean-jacques rousseau in nepali language published by nepal academy in 1982
besides, his countless mind gripping editorials and articles were printed in various national and international print media.
batllava has six beaches in good condition .
these beaches offer spaces for familiar relaxation, which provide the visitors with sandy football and volleyball grounds, and also playgrounds for children .
parkings, floors, umbrellas, sunshades, boats and seats are available around the lake.
sometimes batllava lake is manifested with environmental problems .
except the batllava lake, hotel industry is not developed in other places of podujevo .
there are around 280 hotel businesses with around 700 employees .
other important values which can be found in podujevo are cultural heritage monuments , created in certain historic periods .
the most outstanding monument is the fortress of the national martyr and hero zahir pajaziti .
among architectural and cultural monuments of local and national importance are also : two towers in hertica , the one of sali aga and ajet muolli , complex in reica
according to the institutional for protection of kosovo monuments, the number of monuments in podujevo is around 60 .
podujevo is located in the northeastern corner of kosovo, situated near a regional motorway and railroad which links it to surrounding regions.
pristina, the capital of kosovo, is located some to the south.
it consists of llapis hollow, albanik mountains in the west and eastern kosovos mountains in the east.
llapis valley is placed between the village of repa and that of barileva with a 35 km distance and between batllava and llapashtica e eperme with 1215 km.
llapis jaw is located between repa and murgulla (14 km) and from bellasica to uglars cape (14 km).
gallapi is placed between batllava and metergoc in latitude and from turiqica to koliq in longtitude.
podujevo is the largest municipality of kosovo since it covers 633 m .
since its territory is compact, it represents a microgeographical entirety.
in march 1999 the scorpions killed 14 albanian civilians.
his object was for the constitution to allow participation by dissenting tds, who opposed the treaty, and refused to take any oath mentioning the crown.
under the treaty, the free state was obliged to submit its new constitution to westminster for approval.
upon doing so, in june 1922, collins and griffith found lloyd george determined to veto the provisions they had fashioned to prevent civil war.
the pact elections
an annual commemoration ceremony takes place each year in august at the ambush site at bal na blth , county cork , organised by the bal na mblth commemoration committee
in 2009, former president of ireland mary robinson gave the oration.
in 2010 the minister for finance brian lenihan, jnr became the first fianna fil person to give the oration.
in 2012 on the 90th anniversary of the death of collins, the taoiseach enda kenny gave the oration, the first serving head of government to do so.
there is also a remembrance ceremony in glasnevin cemetery at collins's grave , at the anniversary of his death .
still it was not the british government which initiated negotiations.
individual english activists, including clergy, made private overtures which reached arthur griffith.
griffith expressed his welcome for dialogue.
an mp , brigadier general cockerill , sent an open letter to prime minister lloyd george , which was printed in the times , outlining how a peace conference with
the pope made an urgent public appeal for a negotiated end to the violence.
whether or not george welcomed such advisors, he could no longer hold out against this tide.
during the irish civil war the hales brothers fought on opposite sides.
tom hales commanded the flying column which attacked the free state army convoy at bal na blth which resulted in the death of his friend, michael collins.
shortly thereafter, sean hales was shot to death under controversial circumstances connected with the bitter civil war .
the free state executed four senior republicans without trial , "as a reprisal."
however , it is unknown at this stage whether the copper contributes to the mental illness , whether the body attempts to store more copper in response to the illness
=== ===alzheimers disease === ===
elevated free copper levels exist in alzheimer's disease.
copper and zinc are known to bind to amyloid beta proteins in alzheimer's disease.
this bound form is thought to mediate the production of reactive oxygen species in the brain.
.
a preliminary clinical trial suggests that zinc supplementation may be able to decrease copper levels and slow degeneration in alzheimer's disease .
recent research on nutitrional mechanisms and their effect on the brain show they are involved in almost every facet of neurological functioning including alterations in neurogenesis , neurotrophic factors ,
manganism or manganese poisoning is a toxic condition resulting from chronic exposure to manganese and first identified in 1837 by james couper.
nutritional neuroscience : is the scientific discipline that studies the affects various components of the diet such as minerals , vitamins , protein , carbohydrates , fats , dietary supplements
nutritional neuroscience : is the scientific discipline that studies the affects various components of the diet such as minerals , vitamins , protein , carbohydrates , fats , dietary supplements
nutritional neuroscience : is the scientific discipline that studies the affects various components of the diet such as minerals , vitamins , protein , carbohydrates , fats , dietary supplements
nutritional neuroscience : is the scientific discipline that studies the affects various components of the diet such as minerals , vitamins , protein , carbohydrates , fats , dietary supplements
iron is essential for several critical metabolic enzymes and a deficiency of this mineral can disrupt brain development.
for, example chronic marginal iron affects dopamine metabolism and myelin fatty acid composition and behavior in mice .
in rats a marginal iron deficiency that does not cause anemia disrupted axon growth in the auditory nerve affecting auditory brainstem latency without major changes in myelination .
in rhesus macaques , prenatal iron deficiency disrupts emotional behavior and polymorphisms that reduce the expression of monoamine oxidase interact with gestational iron deficiency to exacerbate the response to a
inexpensive and effective iron supplementation is an available preventative strategy recommended by the world health organization .
however, iron supplementation can exacerbate malaria infection.
university art museums
i never teach my pupils, i only attempt to provide the conditions in which they can learn.
albert einstein
the suny new paltz campus consists of about in the small town of new paltz, new york.
there are thirteen residence halls, centered mostly in two quads.
the main campus has two dozen academic buildings , including the haggerty administration building , a lecture hall , old main , sojourner truth library , one main dining hall
at the center of campus is the the samuel dorsky museum of art .
one such example of a controversial deaccession was the randolph college sandal; when the administration sold paintings from the museum's collection without the permission of the museum.
any registered user of the kroch rare and manuscript collections can check out virtually any goldsen materials and study them at length in an on-site reading room.
their curatorial program focuses largely on scholarly works , collections , artworks , artists , and genres that might otherwise not be found in the larger world of art museums
one notable exhibition in january 2014, the museum showcased works from the 1400s to 1900s, including works of albrecht durer and salvador dali.
located on the second floor of the arts building is the elsie b rosefsky gallery, another gallery on campus that showcases special exhibitions and student works.
!
adelphi university
{| {| class =" wikitable plainrowheaders " style="text-align:center" border="1" width=100% class="wikitable sortable plain links"
the frances young tang teaching museum and art gallery is located in saratoga springs, new york and is sited on the skidmore college campus.
the tang was opened in 2000, and was designed by the architect antoine predock.
predock 's design includes two major gallery wings ( the wachenheim gallery and the malloy wing ) , two smaller galleries ( the state farm mezzanine and the winter gallery
the tang is nationally known for both its architecture and its holdings , and its excellence has been recognized by the new york times , art in america , and
1880 - upon request of the department of agriculture kateryna skarzhynska donated 30 dessiatins of land in the village terny for the foundation of the agricultural school.
in 1929 this school was reorganized to the college of medicinal and aromatic plants, and in 1950 - to the forest college.
terny (ukrainian ) the village in ukraine, in poltava region , in lubny district .
in 2001, there were 471 inhabitants.
it is situated on the right bank of the river sula.
from 2011 in terny is the orthodox church dedicated to st. john the apostle.
17.
the school grounds display some of the original playground equipment.
antique farm equipment, which pays homage to the agricultural history of queen creek, are also displayed around the building's exterior.
inside the museum are permanent and changing exhibits reflecting the history of the school and the community , a small lending library , and numerous photographs of the school and
18
in 1992, a group of boone county citizens requested that the beaver creek site of the olson property be set aside for public use.
stamm wanted elliot to grow assertive and strong , then slowly become addicted to both the game and his new persona , which causes him to not notice the increasingly
two endings were shot: a more upbeat ending and a highly nihilistic ending.
the alternate ending is available on the blu ray release.
trapped in his drug-dependent mother , liz 's ( diane lane ) , lower east side apartment , 16-year-old finn earl ( anton yelchin ) wants nothing more than to
he wants to spend the summer in south america studying the ishkanani indians ( known as the `` fierce people '' ) with his anthropologist father whom he 's never
finn 's plan has to change after he is arrested in an effort to help liz, who works as a massage therapist.
determined to get their lives back on track , liz moves the two of them into a guesthouse for the summer on the country estate of her ex-client , the
in osbourne 's world of privilege and power , finn and liz encounter the super rich , a tribe portrayed as fiercer and more mysterious than anything the teenager might
( dirk wittenborn , the author of the novel on which the film is based , grew up in a modest household and felt like an outsider among the super
formation and early years (20062007)
the airline 's only captain , martin crieff ( benedict cumberbatch ) , has wanted to be a pilot since he was six years old ( before which he wanted
he suffers, however, from a distinct lack of natural ability in that department.
he was rejected by at least one flight school, and had to put himself through the required coursework, barely qualifying for his certificationon his seventh attempt.
he took the job with mjn for no salary at all, as long as he could be captain.
he appears to have no outside interests beyond flying.
he is a stickler for procedures and regulations, but is more prissy than pompous.
at the end of series two he tells douglas that he survives financially by running a delivery service using the van he inherited from his father ( running two different
this was his only inheritance ( apart from a tool kit and multimeter ) because his father believed he would waste any money he received trying to become a pilot
he has two siblings, caitlin, now a traffic warden and simon, a council administrator who often frustrates martin with his annoying superiority.
as colees de bolsas, sapatos, jias e acessrios so cuidadosamente produzidas por designers renomados no mundo fashion e seguem as mais atuais tendncias da moda internacional.
neste sentido, preocupados em garantir que cada estao do ano seja privilegiada, a clube caramello produz 4 catlogos anuais com peas inditos.
o projeto clube caramello uma iniciativa da empresria daniela durante, fashionista e entusiasta do mundo da moda.
as colees de bolsas, sapatos, jias e acessrios so cuidadosamente produzidas por designers renomados no mundo fashion e seguem as mais atuais tendncias da moda internacional.
neste sentido, preocupados em garantir que cada estao do ano seja privilegiada, a clube caramello produz 4 catlogos anuais com peas inditas .
portanto, elecamos abaixo, os lemas que norteiam nossa filosofia de trabalho:
o projeto clube caramello uma iniciativa da empresria daniela durante, fashionista e entusiasta em moda e design .
para a clube caramello , quando vestimos moda de bom gosto , acrescentamos valor forma de vestir , destacamos a beleza natural e ainda colocamos personalidade a nossa imagem pessoal
the los gurkos short film festival was created in 2005 and takes place every year in innsbruck, austria.
the main focus of the festival is on the short film competition, which provides a possibility for local and international filmmakers to present their craft.
at the same time, the festival promotes the genre of the short in innsbruck and tirol .
the los gurkos short film festival regularly works together with the international film festival innsbruck (iffi) and the rejected film festival.
the los gurkos short film festival was created in 2005 and takes place every year in innsbruck , austria.
the main focus of the festival is on the short film competition, which provides a possibility for local and international filmmakers to present their craft.
at the same time, the festival promotes the genre of the short in innsbruck and tirol .
the los gurkos short film festival regularly works together with other austrian film festivals such as the international film festival innsbruck and the rejected film festival .
the los gurkos short film festival is an open festival and does therefore not require entries to comply with a certain theme, but only with the technical guidelines.
on november 9, 2013 the festival will take place for the ninth time at the pmk in innsbruck.
after the approximately ten best entries have been shown, an expert panel chooses the three winning shorts .
the festival award has symbolic value: the golden cucumber (after dices in 2010, cucumber plants in 2011 and graffiti in 2012).
the los gurkos short film festival was created in 2005 and takes place every year in innsbruck, austria.
the main focus of the festival is on the short film competition, which provides a possibility for local and international filmmakers to present their craft.
at the same time, the festival promotes the genre of the short in innsbruck and tirol.
the los gurkos short film festival regularly works together with other austrian film festivals such as the international film festival innsbruck and the rejected film festival.
the los gurkos short film festival was created in 2005 and takes place every year in innsbruck, austria.
the main focus of the festival is on the short film competition, which provides a possibility for local and international filmmakers to present their craft.
at the same time, the festival promotes the genre of the short in innsbruck and tirol .
there is no town here, but the official railroad name for this location is, perhaps not surprisingly, sherman.
it should be noted , however , that this point ( like the ames monument ) is not actually on the crest of the laramie mountains , which is now
the park also played host to a race on the nascar camping world west series schedule, the dan gamel rv centers 200 in the fall.
additionally , formula 4 , sprint cars , motorcycle races and the 24 hours of lemons were held at the racetrack , the latter being a play on the famous
however , in the place of top dollar racing machines , the 24 hours of lemons featured cars with a maximum price of $ 500 ( excluding safety gear ,
bridger pass is a mountain pass in carbon county , wyoming on the continental divide near the south great divide basin bifurcation point , i.e. , the point at which
the first documented crossing of bridger pass was by the stansbury expedition , returning east from an expedition to utah and guided by jim bridger.
a decade later the pass was in regular use by travelers on the overland trail and the associated stage line , these having been established along the route described by
to support the stage line, the bridger stage station was established near the pass.
the overland trail was used steadily between 1860 and 1869 until the first transcontinental railroad made the stage line obsolete.
unnamed (cr j41), 6250 (sherman pass, 9140 , is farther west)
the lincoln highway , the first road across america ( later us route 30 from nyc to sweetwater , wy , then us rte 50 in nv , and finally
interstate 80 was built through this area in the early 1960s.
i-80 generally parallels the route of us 40 through the sierra nevada, but it crosses the sierra crest at the euer saddle, about north of donner pass.
euer saddle is also commonly called `` donner summit '' at ; it is about higher than donner pass , but is wider and has a gentler approach that aided
the 1920s highway has been preserved as a scenic alternative to i-80.
the san diego sports curse is a superstition cited for the city of san diego 's inability to claim a modern north american major league professional sports championship ( super
with a population of over one million, san diego is the largest city in the united states with this distinction.
san diego also has the distinction of having the longest major league championship drought for any city that has at least two major sports franchises , the last title dating
he has no talent, although he believes he is extremely talented.
he plays the clarinet and loves to paint self-portraits in different artistic styles , which he hangs up around the walls of his house shaped like an easter island head-sculpture
he dislikes spongebob and his friends as well as his current occupation at the krusty krab.
he regularly acts condescendingly toward customers.
the reason why most cartoon characters are missing two fingers is because of pure laziness.
in correct (talk) 12:24, 5 june 2014 (utc)
:: the characters of squidward's species are called squids, although they look like octopuses and there are background characters which look like squids.
i read someplace squidward and is meant to be an octopus, but i don't remember where.
in correct (talk) 12:23, 5 june 2014 (utc)
the reason why most cartoon characters are missing two fingers is because of pure laziness.
in correct (talk) 12:24, 5 june 2014 (utc)
southeastern has a zero tolerance policy regarding student conduct.
punishments occur for violations of campus regulations including punishments of alleged violations which can not be appealed , as per the guidelines set by the regional university system of oklahoma
controversy occurred after football player justin pitrucha was suspended following felony charges of possession of marijuana with intent to distribute within 2,000 feet of a school.
however, the charge was later reduced to a misdemeanor and pitrucha was reinstated.
all you have to do is surround the title of the article with brackets.
in correct (talk) 03:21, 30 june 2014 (utc)
!
season 2 (2000)
throughout 2011 and 2012, building 429 released new singles "listen to the sound," "right beside you" and "where i belong."
the single, "where i belong," was number 1 on the billboard nca charts and was named the 2013 billboard magazine christian song of the year.
on june 4, 2013, building 429 released, we won't be shaken, their eighth studio album on essential records.
the album debuted at number 1 on the billboard christian albums chart.
building 429 started out with essential records (christian) by releasing listen to the sound.
throughout 2011 and 2012, building 429 released new singles "listen to the sound," "right beside you" and "where i belong."
the single, "where i belong," was number 1 on the billboard nca charts and was named the 2013 billboard magazine christian song of the year.
on june 4, 2013, building 429 released, we won't be shaken, their eighth studio album on essential records (christian) .
the album debuted at number 1 on the billboard christian albums chart.
`` glory defined , '' building 429 's first nationally serviced radio single , rose to number 1 on eight combined christian ac and chr charts in early 2004 ,
the song was the title track from the glory defined ep , released april 6 , 2004. the ep featured three full-mix tracks ( the title track , `` free
a second, ac mix version of "glory defined" was also on the ep.
o n july 27, 2004, building 429's national debut, space in between, was released.
produced by jim cooper , the album gave three more radio hits , including `` above it all , '' `` the space in between us , '' and ``
the release of the album was followed by major touring with artists such as jeremy camp, tree63, and sonicflood .
building 429 started out with essential records by releasing listen to the sound.
throughout 2011 and 2012, building 429 released new singles "listen to the sound," "right beside you" and "where i belong."
the single, "where i belong," was number 1 on the billboard nca charts and was named the 2013 billboard magazine christian song of the year.
her second full-length studio album , painting the invisible , was produced by ed cash and nathan nockels and released on april 3 , 2007. beeching wrote most of the
the name bosnian language is a controversial issue for croats and serbs who also refer to as bosniak language (bonjaki).
bosniak linguists however insist that the only legitimate name is bosnian language (bosanski), and that that is the name that both croats and serbs should use.
the controversy arises because the language name bosnian implies that it is the language of all bosnians , or of entire bosnia and herzegovina , which also includes bosnian croats
croats and serbs argue to use the croatian and the serbian, respectively.
the name bosnian language is a controversial issue for croats and serbs who also refer to as bosniak language (bonjaki).
bosniak linguists however insist that the only legitimate name is bosnian language (bosanski), and that that is the name that both croats and serbs should use.
the controversy arises because the language name bosnian implies that it is the language of all bosnians , or of all bosnia and herzegovina , which also includes bosnian croats
croats and serbs argue to use the croatian and the serbian, respectively.
after attending the gymnasium in bozen, delug started painting, with encouragement from the painter heinrich schpfer.
he moved to innsbruck and began studying history at the university of innsbruck , staying until 1880 , when he moved to vienna and enrolled at the academy , studying
in 1885 , he began a three-year period of travelling , visiting england , italy , france , germany and holland , then settled in munich in 1888 and accepted
in 1896 , he moved back to vienna , and became a founding member of the vienna secession , though he resigned from it in 1898. delug joined the academy
his students there included karl sterrer, anton velim, hans fronius, anton kolig, hubert lanzinger, albert stolz, hans popp and franz gruss.
he visited america in 1923-24, and retired from teaching in 1928. he was buried in grinzinger cemetery.
richard alfred eugen jettel (20 march 1845, johnsdorf, moravia 27 august 1901, lussingrande) was an austrian painter, producing mainly landscapes.
he studied at the vienna academy and moved to paris in 1873, before moving back to vienna in 1897 and serving as a co-founder of the vienna secession.
he was made a knight of the lgion d'honneur in 1898.
many sgml features relate to markup minimization.
other features relate to concurrent ( parallel ) markup ( concur ) , to linking processing attributes ( link ) , and to embedding sgml documents within sgml documents (
freeth became the company's chief chemist in 1909, working at winnington in cheshire.
in 1909 , he was tasked with investigating the manufacture of ammonium nitrate for explosives ; needing to read a paper by franciscus hubertus schreinemakers in dutch , he bought
freeth corresponded with dutch chemists, joined the dutch chemical society in 1911 and devoured the dutch chemical literature in his areas of interest almost entirely by 1914.
in 1919, freeth visited the netherlands and visited kammerlingh onnes' laboratory in leyden, which was much more elaborate than his own.
he maintained contact with onnes , and also acquainted himself with hendrik lorentz , paul ehrenfest , pieter zeeman , albert einstein and his original contact with the country ,
he married harriett holt and together they went on to have six sons and two daughters.
it later premiered in usa on october 13, 2012 at 8am in cartoon network .
it also premiered in canada on january 26, 2013 at 11:30am on ytv and in australia on april 30, 2013 at 7:30am on channel eleven .
clue (mini-series)
8.00 am: slugterra season 2 brand new , season finale "what lies beneath"
abc3 is an australian children's public television channel owned by the australian broadcasting corporation.
it launched on 4 december 2009 at 6pm , with the countdown to 3 airing beforehand at 5pm on abc1 with current australian prime minister at the time , kevin
in 2011, james elmer joined as co-host of studio 3 along with kayne and amberley.
on december 4th 2011, the winners from the meon3 contest were revealed as alfie gledhill and olivia phyland.
on september 14th 2012, alfie left studio 3 to pursue acting dreams.
in october 2012, comedian khaled khalafala joined studio 3, and stayed with the crew until early 2013 before leaving.
in march 2013 the janitor and bubbles ( who 's voiced by the janitor ) the goldfish supposedly left studio 3 for venezuela , with bubbles being replaced with a
the channel's programming runs from 6:00am to 9:00pm daily, and targets the 6 15 year old age group.
at 9:00pm , the station closes and displays `` we 're back from 6:00am '' with abc background music and ads promoting popular abc3 programming until the station reopens again
it broadcasts a range of genres, including comedy, drama, music, animation, extreme sports, wildlife and news-based programmes.
the channel aims to feature at least 50% australian produced content.
studio 3 is a show that is hosted by the abc 3 presenters and link various other programs.
it began on monday 7 december 2009 at 7:00 am.
beyblade: metal fusion#season_3:_metal_fury }|beyblade: metal fury
as of 29 september 2013, the schedule is as follows:
summary
references ''
== ''' lead
''' lead
i am the person in the article and i asked a professional writer to prepare the page for me in wiki format drawing information from various sources.
unfortunately, the editor posted it.
one of the books i published most recently is us.macmillan.com/theagelessgeneration/ ageless generation.
on amazon ageless generation - #1 in biotechnology category; another book is by a much smaller publisher was illustrated prose dating a.i.
and a recent popular article at huffpo 13 reasons.
in today 's world this may not provide adequate notability ; therefore , i would like to take the liberty to ask you to take a look at the article
biogerontology (talk) 21:20, 20 july 2013 (utc)
the genome of r. varieornatus has already been sequenced .
he studied at the royal danish academy of fine arts in copenhagen.
later he settled in munich.
high school | religion =
notable students
alt=information icon hello, i'm dr. kadzi.
an edit that you recently made seemed to be a test and has been removed.
if you want more practice editing, please use the sandbox.
if you think i made a mistake, or if you have any questions, you can leave me a message on my talk page.
thanks!
hello!
i see you added a page that had no content on it , i suggest that you write your article before submitting it , or submit it for review to
if you need any help be sure to visit my talk page and tag any questions with user : dr. kadzi|kadzi ( talk ) 19:24 , 16 july 2013 (
thank you kadzi (talk) 19:23, 16 july 2013 (utc)
joint pain
the students union is the representative body for all uclan students.
the organisation exists separately from the university and is led by the elected officers of the student affairs committee ( sac ) as well as representatives on the students council
these positions are elected annually , and the current set of officers can be found on the website ( the current president ( 2013/14 ) , ben latham , is
the students' union is also the home to a fantastic range of student-led societies.
these groups vary each year , but can range from academic groups , such as the law society , to more niche interest groups such as the anime and manga
artists influenced by the beach boys include : the beatles , george martin , the velvet underground , pink floyd , cream , the who , elton john , abba
the beach boys today!
( 1965 ) , wild honey ( 1967 ) , sunflower ( 1970 ) , surf 's up ( 1971 ) , holland ( 1973 ) and the smile sessions
the group's 1966 releases pet sounds and frequently rank among the top of critics' lists of the greatest albums and singles of all time.
pet sounds is on the greatest-albums lists for time, rolling stone, new musical express, mojo, and the times.
the record made a profound influence on the beach boys ' contemporaries ; mccartney named it one of his favorite albums of all time ( with `` god only knows
mccartney said it was the inspiration behind the seminal beatles' album, sgt.
pepper's lonely hearts club band.
echoing this sentiment, beatles producer george martin said, "pepper was an attempt to equal pet sounds."
in 1966 and 1967 , reader polls conducted by the uk magazine nme crowned the beach boys as the world 's number one vocal group ahead of the beatles and
in 1974, the beach boys were awarded "band of the year" by rolling stone.
on december 30, 1980 , the beach boys were awarded a star on the hollywood walk of fame, located at 1500 vine street.
the group was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame on 1988 .
ten years later they were selected for the vocal group hall of fame.
in 2001, the group received the grammy lifetime achievement award.
brian wilson was inducted into the uk rock and roll hall of fame in november 2006. in 2004 , rolling stone ranked the beach boys number 12 on its list
the american system of manufacturing by interchangeable parts meant the establishment of working facilities for the entire manufacturing process.
everything was made on the premises under direct supervision of the company's foreman.
the foreman was guided by company standards: conditions of time, cleanliness and care.
the chaseholm farm creamery is a family-run farm on the borders of dutchess and columbia counties in the hudson valley, new york, usa.
it is home to the amazing real live food co., which is the brand associated with the farm and creamerys products.
the chaseholm farm creamery is currently run by siblings rory and sarah chase.
notes
home to the amazing real live food co. , the creamery was founded in 2007 and is run by brother , rory chase , who redid a barn built in
chaseholm crafts a number of different styles of cheese , most out of the french tradition.the milk from their own cows is used to make seven types of artisan cheeses
the seven current cheeses are alpag gruyere , chaseholm camembert , moonlight chaource , probiotic herbed farmer 's cheese , a spicy queso blanco , an herbal queso blanco ,
signage of the amazing real live food co. at chaseholm farm creamery in pine planes, ny.
it has holes in the floor that in antiquity served to place scenic backdrop posts and other infrastructure.
the downstage setting porticus post scaenam (frons frons) is the most spectacular feature of the theatre.
it is 7.5m wide, 63m long and 17.5m in total height.
it consists of a base of red marble paved stones, upon which stand corinthian columns with blue-veined marble as the shafts with white bases and capitals.
these columns support an entablature with architrave and richly decorated friezes and cornices.
a large marble wall encloses the back of the stage scaenae frons.
the dcor of this part is completed by provisional sculptures between columns- the originals are kept in the nearby national museum of roman art.
they are the goddess ceres, pluto, proserpina and other characters with togas and armour that have been interpreted as imperial portraits.
three doors allow the entry of actors onto the stage, one central valva regia and two lateral valva hospitalium.
on the sides and back are several units that were used by the performing actors and technicians.
it is unknown how the original stage front was, as the present one seems to have been built under emperor trajan.
his career has focused on the early history of the iberian peninsula greek and phoenician colonization in the mediterranean and tartessic worlds.
he is a recognized authority on religion in ancient rome , especially the romanization ( cultural ) of oriental gods mithra , isis , serapis , cybele and attis ,
he is currently working on the analysis of the construction of history and director of the julio caro baroja institute of historiography of the charles iii university of madrid.
ministry of education (spain)departamento de humanidades: historia, geografa y arte.
biblioteca nacional de espaa(national library of spain)
the number of miracles attributed to him has been counted as 438. the only original source of hagiography on him is a fourteenth century codex called cdice de juan dicono
not only does this museum contain a chapel built upon the place where isidore lived and died, but also the well where his son fell and was saved.
this is in the chapel built where he lived and died, in the saint isidore museum in saint andrew's square in madrid.
screenwriter david frigerio echoed his co-writers sentiments in his explanation of the film's themes:
through metaphor the film intends to explore the idea that though sometimes humans may attempt to live their lives based on rules and logic , working diligently to suppress their
the so-called `` signal '' is that internal gnawing fire of a human 's inner voice that can tell us what is true if we listen for it and that
eubank explains the meaning of the film 's title , saying the `` signal '' is a `` waiting for something , listening for something , having an open heart
in the film, the character nic finally listens and hears "the signal" and in a fiery burst nic discovers his true feelings: love.
having found his true emotions, nic chooses to follow a course of action based on love.
eubank discusses this claim saying the critical part of the film is `` to watch nic arc out , to decide 'you know what , ive been trying to think
and he decides to do something, and to go for it, and he embraces it."
economically , the state is predominantly rural and agrarian , with a substantial proportion of its working population engaged in farming , although trading ( 18.8 % ) and services
in the urban areas trading is the dominant occupation, followed by services.
a small proportion of the population is also engaged in manufacturing activities, with the most pronounced among them located in enugu, oji, ohebedim and nsukka .
the state boasts of a number of markets especially at each of the divisional headquarters , prominent of which is the ogbete main market in the state capital , enugu
there is also one of the largest grains market east of the niger , the orie orba market which plays host to most farmers from the north central states of
every four days, grains and other farm produce are found in large quantities and at highly competitive prices .
electricity supply is relatively stable in enugu and its environs.
the oji river power station (which used to supply electricity to all of eastern nigeria) is located in enugu state.
with the deregulation of electricity generation in nigeria , and the privatisation of the power holding company of nigeria ( phcn ) , it is hoped the state government would
this is more so with the proximity of the enugu coal mines to the power station, a driving distance of about 20 minutes.
there are also traces of crude oil in ugwuoba, in the same oji-river local government area of the state.
the state will also negotiate with investors interested in investing in the coal mining in enugu.
the coal industry used to be one of the biggest employer of labour in the state and the state is looking to attract investors in the industry.
nigeria's first indigenous university, university of nigeria, nsukka (unn), is located in enugu state.
the state also hosts the enugu state university of science & technology ( esut ) , institute of management and technology ( imt ) , federal cooperative college , oji
there are also a host of private computer schools and training centres concentrated in enugu and nsukka.
nigeria's first indigenous university, ( university of nigeria, nsukka (unn ) ), is located in enugu state.
the state also hosts the enugu state university of science & technology ( esut ) , institute of management and technology ( imt ) , federal cooperative college , oji
further research reveals that the airport can trace its origins to as far back as 1936 , when the french military authorities designated an area to become a relief landing
work continued at the field with major fuel installations , workshops and bessonneau hangarswiki link , being constructed amid various attempts at camouflaging , or disguising the airfields location ,
from the 3rd september up until november of 1939, dole-tavaux becomes home for groupe de reconnaissance gr i / 35 .
ii groupe de bombardement / 32 replace them until december 15th.
between 2nd april and 3rd june 1940 , the station becomes home for groupe de reconnaissance gr i / 33. on the 10th may 1940 , the air base was
further research reveals that the airport can trace its origins to as far back as 1936 , when the french military authorities designated an area to become a relief landing
work continued at the field with major fuel installations , workshops and bessonneau hangarswiki link , being constructed amid various attempts at camouflaging , or disguising the airfields location ,
from the 3rd september up until november of 1939 , dole-tavaux becomes home for groupe de reconnaissance gr i / 35. groupe de bombardement ii / 32 replace them until
between 2nd april and 3rd june 1940 , the station becomes home for groupe de reconnaissance gr i / 33. on the 10th may 1940 , the air base was
further research reveals that the airport can trace its origins to as far back as 1936 , when the french military authorities designated an area to become a relief landing
work continued at the field with major fuel installations , workshops and bessonneau hangarswiki link , being constructed amid various attempts at camouflaging , or disguising the airfields location ,
from the 3rd september up until november of 1939 , dole-tavaux becomes home for groupe de reconnaissance gr i / 35. groupe de bombardement ii / 32 replace them until
between 2nd april and 3rd june 1940 , the station becomes home for groupe de reconnaissance gr i / 33. on the 10th may 1940 , the air base was
foxsch (talk) 21:07, 13 october 2014 (utc)
further research reveals that the airport can trace its origins to as far back as 1936 , when the french military authorities designated an area to become a relief landing
work continued at the field with major fuel installations , workshops and bessonneau hangarswiki link , being constructed amid various attempts at camouflaging , or disguising the airfields location ,
from the 3rd september up until november of 1939 , dole-tavaux becomes home for groupe de reconnaissance gr i / 35. groupe de bombardement ii/32 replace them until december 15th
between 2nd april and 3rd june 1940, the station becomes home for groupe de reconnaissance gr i/33.
on the 10th may 1940 , the air base was the secondary target for the luftwaffe units that were ordered to bomb the city of dijon , and mistakenly bombed
with the company being based out of south florida there are many financial and promotional opportunities , from big investors to upscale nightlife right in its backyard , but with
the organic and gmo-free label may be a start , but likely wo n't be enough to carry the brand into top-selling territory as many smaller boutique vodkas boost the
perfect vodka is not ranked as a top-selling premium vodka on the market.
competing with the likes of grey goose ( vodka ) , ketel one , absolute and stolichnaya , to name a few , will require innovative marketing and business techniques
a celebrity endorsement , think sean `` puffy '' combs and ciroc , might be another option for the brand , however these ideas have been done and it 's
with the company being based out of south florida there are many financial and promotional opportunities , from big investors to upscale nightlife right in its backyard , but with
the organic and gmo-free label may be a start , but likely wo n't be enough to carry the brand into top-selling territory as many smaller boutique vodkas boost the
perfect vodka is a vodka produced in the region of fougerolles, france.
the vodka has an organic certification, and is gluten and gmo free.
it is five-times distilled, cotton filtered and is made from bl tendre, wheat grown in the brie champagne region of france.
the water used in the production of perfect vodka comes from a natural spring located in the vosges region of france.
perfect vodka is not ranked as a top-selling premium vodka on the market.
competing with the likes of grey goose ( vodka ) , ketel one , absolute and stolichnaya , to name a few , will require innovative marketing and business techniques
a celebrity endorsement , like ciroc did with sean `` puffy '' combs , might be another option for the brand , however these ideas have been done and it
with the company being based out of south florida there are many financial and promotional opportunities , from big investors to upscale nightlife right in its backyard , but with
the organic and gmo-free label may be a start , but likely wo n't be enough to carry the brand into top-selling territory as many smaller boutique vodkas boost the
perfect vodka is not ranked as a top-selling premium vodka on the market.
competing with the likes of grey goose ( vodka ) , ketel one , absolute and stolichnaya , to name a few , will require innovative marketing and business techniques
a celebrity endorsement , like ciroc did with sean `` puffy '' combs , might be another option for the brand , but it 's likely that a new business
since their origin in 2005 , pan-pot have established their presence in the modern techno scene reaching popularity with the release of their debut album , pan-o-rama on anja schneider
since their origin in 2005 , pan-pot have established their presence in the modern techno scene reaching popularity with the release of their debut album , pan-o-rama on anja schneider
since their origin in 2005 , pan-pot have established their presence in the modern techno scene reaching popularity with the release of their debut album , pan-o-rama on anja schneider
anja schneider (de) & sebo k - rancho relaxo (2006)
anja schneider (de) - mole (2008)
booka shade - regenerate (2010)
pan-pot
2010: bloody hands (marc marzenit monster mix) pan-pot - ohmcast 028 (onlyhousemusic)
pan-pot
pan-pot
in 2014, pan-pot launch their own imprint, second state , moving into a new chapter of their career.
in 2014, pan-pot launch their own imprint, second state , moving into a new chapter of their career .
in 2014, pan-pot launch their own imprint, second state , moving into a new chapter of their career .
cells - (second state audio, 2014)
in 2014, pan-pot launch their own imprint, second state, moving into a new chapter of their career .
cells - (second state audio, 2014)
most legal jurisdictions specify the forms of ownership that a business can take, creating a body of commercial law for each type .
.
most legal jurisdictions specify the forms of ownership that a business can take, creating a body of commercial law for each type.
the position of equilibrium varies from base to base when a weak base reacts with water.
the further to the left it is, the weaker the base.
an example of a weak base is ammonium.
it does not contain hydroxide ions, but it reacts with water to produce ammonium ions and hydroxide ions.
the position of equilibrium varies from base to base when a weak base reacts with water.
whether hindu or muslim , potters maybe divided into two categories- kumar or rural potters who produce unglazed ware for general use , the other category is the artistic clay
usually they are muslims , yet there are exceptions.
european scholars are of the opinion that when the demand for muslim architecture fell, these artists turned their attention to producing other ware.
they say that not only are the kolosh, kapalas, containers visually beautiful , much may be also learned from them.
the winds of change have hardly touched them.
due to food habits, various rites and rituals, among diverse products in daily use, the clay vessel is still essential in rural life.
even though this is the age of plastic and aluminum, potters produce kolshis, pots, karais, bowls for yoghurts etc and countless other products.
kumars continue to hand down their hereditary skills to the next generation.
all members of the household are involved in the profession.
even children participate in production.
women are intimately connected to the production process but their work is separate from the males.etel mati is usually soft clay for making pottery.
it is black or grey in color and it has very small percentage of sand in it.
sandy clay is called bele mati.
there are however differences in the names , quality , color and elements in the clay of different areas of bangladesh and it accounts for the variety of quality and
a traditional red color is usually applied to all household clay utensils.
this color
there is a type of teracotta figures found which have remained unchanged throughout the ages.
the ageless figures are basically created from a folk source.
these are pressed into shape by hand and there has been no change in the execution or style through the ages .
selkirk's population grew up because of its woollen industry, although now that that industry has ceased leaving little in its wake .
the town is best known for bannocks, a dry fruit cake.
it has a museum and art gallery , and associations with mungo park ( explorer ) , james hogg `` the ettrick shepherd '' a local poet and writer and
it is also home to scotland's oldest horse racing track, the gala rig, on the outskirts of the town.
pinterest is based on the concept of visual bookmarking invented by yelp co-founder , david galbraith for wists , in 2005. and later used by sites such as thisnext and
it allows users to save images and categorize them on different boards.
they can follow other users' boards if they have similar tastes.
the most popular categories, as of march 2012, were home, arts and crafts, style/fashion, and food.
pinterest is based on the concept of visual bookmarking invented by yelp co-founder , david galbraith for wists , in 2005. and later used by sites such as thisnext and
it allows users to save images and categorize them on different boards.
they can follow other users' boards if they have similar tastes.
notes
the beginning of the history is represented by a variety of cultures and ends with the incan invasion.
the incas were followed closely by the arrival of the conquistadores, the spanish conquerors.
the spanish founded modern-day quito and guayaquil as part of the political administration era , which lasted until the war of independence , the rise of gran colombia , and
category:for-profit universities and colleges
these self-propelled diesel passenger trains were introduced in 1937 and operated between parkes and broken hill.
during world war 2, they were also used on some intercity runs from sydney to canberra & newcastle.
together with victorian railway's "spirit of progress", it was the first air-conditioned train in the british empire.
the first recording of a tide mill on this site was a medieval mill in 1170 ; it is unknown how many mills have stood here , but probably three
the mill , which was operated by the local augustinian priory in the middle ages , was acquired by henry viii during the dissolution of the monasteries in 1536. it
this mill was sold to thomas seckford thomas seckford by elizabeth i elizabeth i. that mill passed though the hands of various private owners until it was rebuilt in 1973.
the estuary of krishna river passes through the sanctuary, and the mangroves line the estuary.
it is believed that this region potentially holds one of the most significant populations of fishing cats in the world and yet , no concrete surveys on fishing cats or
the area has the potential to become world 's first reserve for a few of the iucn identified endangered species including the fishing cat ( prionailurus viverrinus ) or better
metafield lab from agile frameworks , llc
in 2013 rubber ducks were inducted into the toy hall of fame.
boo.
can anyone tell me if i have been citing and referencing stuff correctly.
i just copy the 'template' and change the parameters.
is there an easier way?
oxfordowl1 (talk) 20:49, 11 april 2014 (utc)
i'm new to wikipedia, but the article seems quite neutral and factual to me.
small la section which seems proportionate as it is usada most known case.
should this tag be removed.
i have no clue about the other stuff oxfordowl1 (talk) 20:58, 11 april 2014 (utc)
boo.
can anyone tell me if i have been citing and referencing stuff correctly.
i just copy the 'template' and change the parameters.
is there an easier way?
adriangarcia.ux (talk) i'm adrian garcia, and i look forward to making many wikipedia edits.
user experience (ux) involves a person's emotions about using a particular product, system or service.
user experience highlights the experiential, affective, meaningful and valuable aspects of human-computer interaction and product ownership.
additionally, it includes a persons perceptions of the practical aspects such as utility, ease of use and efficiency of the system.
user experience is subjective in nature because it is about individual perception and thought with respect to the system.
user experience is dynamic as it is constantly modified over time due to changing circumstances and new innovations.
user experience ( ux ) is the professional application of different academic disciplines including psychology , human computer interaction , human factors , engineering and computer science that aims to
this involves studying a person's subjective emotions , and their objective performance when using a particular product, system or service.
user experience includes investigating the experiential, affective, meaningful and valuable aspects of human-computer interaction and product ownership.
additionally , it includes collecting metrics of persons ' performance such as the pass fail rates ( utility ) , error rates ( ease of use ) and time on
user experience ( ux ) is the professional application of different academic disciplines including psychology , human computer interaction , human factors , engineering and computer science that aims to
this involves studying a person's subjective emotions, and their objective performance when using a particular product, system or service.
user experience includes investigating the experiential, affective, meaningful and valuable aspects of human-computer interaction and product ownership.
it looks just elegant, and the proportions is good looking : short rear-end tailgate and front long bonnet with the low stance.
my dad currently owns that, the 300sel model.
alongside, he owns a jeep grand cherokee red color, a toyota vellfire and the mercedes cls 350, which he uses after the death of my grandfather.
my personal dream car is the mercedes w126 280 se with a manual gearbox.
i'm always into sportiness.
the bmw e30 is also a good car, but it's too boxy.
by the ways, let me continue.
i'm a frequent reader of paultan.org and also an amg fan, though i'm rather off with a bmw
beginning of my life
well that's all my life, well it's not so completed yet.
but it is going to be one heck of a life!
i would hope that my future will be the best time that i can ever experience in history .
there are still lots and lots of challenges and fun coming to my life.
whatever it is, i would be having to face it
this is the first generation.
for overview of all models, see jeep grand cherokee
this is the first generation.
for overview of all models, see jeep grand cherokee
first generation (zj) (19931998)
the y line is the longest line on the coastal line.
it operates between helsinki and karis with very few intermediate stops .
the services run quite infrequently, with three to seven daily departures in each direction, depending on the day of the week .
the train has scheduled stops at pasila, leppvaara and masala and at every station between kirkkonummi and karis.
when finland 's first electrified line ( from helsinki to kirkkonummi ) was opened , the first service was y. in 1987 the former y train service ended and was
before this a few of the s and u services continued from kirkkonummi to karis.
train s runs from helsinki to kirkkonummi.
it runs hourly in each direction .
of the two daytime trains running between helsinki and kirkkonummi the s trains are faster.
between helsinki and leppvaara , s services stop at pasila and huopalahti.
between leppvaara and kauklahti it stops at every station.
between kauklahti and kirkkonummi it stops only at masala.
from may 28, 1972 to may 25, 1974 the s trains were running between helsinki and kauniainen.
the route was continued to kirkkonummi on september 27, 1987.
there are few rush hour departures from riihimki in the morning and from helsinki in the evening rush hour , which lack letter designation , since they do n't conform
they also have only 1 or 2 daily departures per route variant.
all of these are between helsinki and riihimki.
there used to be one of this type of train on the coastal line at the turn of the 21st century , but it was discontinued as the number of
most lines are operated between 5:30 and 23:30 , the most popular between 5:00 and 1:30. in daytime outside of rush hours the basic interval for buses is mostly either
lansing / jackson market
southeast michigan includes metro detroit and outlying cities such as ann arbor , adrian , and jackson
the power plant was built on land that formerly housed a lumber mill.
the mill was erected in 1690 and is claimed to be the first european settlement in present day st. clair county.
in 1817 legislator, judge, and businessman zephaniah w. bunce came to the area.
he named it "bunceville" and the creek that ran through it "bunce creek".
bunceville, along with other small settlements along the st. clair river would be consolidated into the community of marysville in the late 1800s.
the bunce household was demolished for construction of the power plant and the creek was re-routed underneath the property.
the most celebrated work with the ua1 detector was the discovery in 1983 of the w and z particles.
this discovery provided the experimental evidence for the unification of two of natures seemingly very different fundamental forces : electromagnetism ( which underlies electricity generation ) and the weak force
the unification of these two forces is part of a quest to see if all forces in the universe can be united into a theory of everything ( unified field
electroweak unification demonstrated that what had previously been considered nature 's four fundamental forces ( electromagnetism , weak interaction , strong interaction and gravity ) were now reduced to three
kalmus has one son and one daughter, and one grandchild.
he subsequently gave this talk to other audiences in dublin , belfast and several venues in britain .
different lectures on aspects of particle physics were given on behalf of the royal institution on about 10 occasions at futuroscope in poitiers , france , to more than 3,800
in january 2001 , kalmus gave the named `` cockcroft and walton lectures '' in india , as part of an exchange programme between the institute of physics and the
nine lectures were given in four different cities, some at professional and others at popular level.
he also visited and had discussions with staff at many indian institutions, and represented the british association at the indian science congress in delhi.
he visited india again in 2004 giving 15 lectures on behalf of the british council.
he continued to give talks in the uk and abroad.
by the summer of 2010 he had given about 200 talks to a total audience of 30,000 people since his retirement.
professional and science organisations
kalmus has served on and contributed to a considerable number of professional and science bodies throughout his career.
these have included cern , the science and engineering research council , the particle physics and astronomy research council , the british association for the advancement of science , the
positions held have included:
fellow of the institute of physics, 1967
2002 - honorary fellow of the british science association.
this belief is centered on the "power of play".
play is a form of exercise that extends childrens development .
play meets the physical, intellectual, language, emotional and social needs (piles) of children.
tassoni suggests that some play opportunities will develop specific individual areas of development, but many will develop several areas.
depending on the child and their interests will determine the areas of play they are good at.
during free play it was seen in a setting that children enjoy playing using their imagination in many different ways.
it is important practitioners promote childrens development through play by using various play activities on a daily basis.
early childhood education focuses on children's learning through play, based on the research and philosophy of jean piaget.
this belief is centered on the "power of play. "
play is a form of exercise that extends childrens development.
play meets the physical, intellectual, language, emotional and social needs (piles) of children.
tassoni suggests that some play opportunities will develop specific individual areas of development, but many will develop several areas.
depending on the child and their interests will determine the areas of play they are good at.
during free play it was seen in a setting that children enjoy playing using their imagination in many different ways.
it is important practitioners promote childrens development through play by using various play activities on a daily basis.
the children act 1989 is also a framework for settings ; davy states that this links to play-work as the act works with play workers and sets the standards for
learning through play is seen regularly in practice due to it being the most versatile way a child can learn.
margaret mcmillan ( 1860-1931 ) suggests that children should be given free school meals , fruit and milk , and plenty of exercise to physically and emotionally keep them healthy
rudolph steiner (1861-1925) believed play is based on cross curricula teaching as it allows children to talk, socially interact, use their imagination and intellectual skills.
one local landmark is sebara deldiy or "the broken bridge " ", a stone footbridge built by foreign stoneworkers during the reign of emperor fasilides.
c.t.
beke was told that the central arch of this bridge was removed at the orders of ras fasil as a defensive measure.
despite the damage , beke reports that it was still used by native merchants , who `` by means of ropes stretched across the open space , they manage to
another landmark is the church of weyzazirt kidhane mihret, which was constructed by woizero seble wengel, the daughter of emperor fasilides.
she and her husband are buried there.
adigrat university is on of educational instution etablished in 2001 e.c.it located in ethiopia tigray eastern zone ganta afeshum wereda.
adigrat university is one of educational instution established in 2001 e.c.it located in ethiopia tigray eastern zone ganta afeshum wereda.
debre marqos (also called 'mankorar' ) is a city and woreda in east-central ethiopia.
located in the misraq gojjam zone of the amhara region, it has a latitude and longitude of , and an elevation of 2,446 meters.
the city is named debre marqos after its principal church, which was constructed in 1869 and dedicated to st. mark.
until the reorganization of the provinces that followed the adoption of the 1995 constitution, this city served as the capital of the province of gojjam.
your article
'''bibugn is one of the woredas in the amhara region of ethiopia.
part of the misraq gojjam zone , bibugn is bordered on the south by sinan , on the west by the mirab gojjam zone , on the northwest by goncha
towns in bibugn include digua tsion, weyin wuha and waber.
.digo tsion is the center of bibugn wereda.choke mountain located in these wereda.
oromos or galla are the largest cushitic-speaking group of people living in northeast africa.
available information suggests that they have existed as a community in the horn of africa for several millenia (prouty et al., 1981).
== shape and structure ==
== tectonic plates ==
== surface ==
== atmosphere ==
== weather, climate, and water cycle ==
== orbit and rotation ==
== references ==
kjos was born and grew up in sokna in ringerike.
in 1953, his father ola started the airline norsk skogbruksfly, and bought a piper cub.
bjrn enrolled at the norwegian air force academy and became a trained pilot in the royal norwegian air force during two years of training in mississippi and arizona in the
upon returning to norway he applied for work at the scandinavian airlines system , since however they did not need any new pilots , kjos started studying law at the
from 1983 to 2002, he worked as a lawyer, and was also for a period a judge in moss district court.
since 1993 he has access to work with supreme court cases.
the sections about it are describing actual function and some success rates , but it presents as biased for now, almost like an advertisement.
if amplatzer is the only available treatment option, things are more ok , but it should be stated.
if not: 3 sections about amplatzer (r) is too much and as for now it presents itself as rather biased.. .
in 2009 hamza received recognition by houston mayor bill white and was given his own holiday in recognition by the mayor , december 26. he is from egypt and is
together they have two children.
mauro hamza is the united states fencing association foil director and was the egyptian national coach for men's foil for the 2004 olympics in athens.
he resides in houston, texas, and owns the salle mauro fencing academy in houston, which is part of the usfa's gulf coast division.
hamza is the fencing instructor at rice university where he is trying to start an ncaa fencing program.
in 2009 hamza received recognition by houston mayor bill white and was given his own holiday in recognition by the mayor , december 26. he is from egypt and is
together they have two children.
mauro hamza is the united states fencing association foil director and was the egyptian national coach for men's foil for the 2004 olympics in athens.
he resides in houston, texas, and owns the salle mauro fencing academy in houston, which is part of the usfa's gulf coast division.
hamza is the fencing instructor at rice university where he is trying to start an ncaa fencing program.
in 2009 hamza received recognition by houston mayor bill white and was given his own holiday in recognition by the mayor , december 26. he is from egypt and is
together they have two children.
hi.
my name is the anonymous alien.
i am a student in high school and i am working on the salle mauro fencing academy page for a school project.
hopefully, i will have my page reviewed by staff at the club in order to perfect it.
hi.
my name is the anonymous alien.
i am a student in high school and i am working on the salle mauro fencing academy page for a school project.
the english arrived at jamestown in april 1607 and by summer of that year the settlers were still living in temporary housing.
the search for a suitable site ended on 14 may 1607 , when captain edward maria wingfield , president of the council , chose the jamestown site as the location
after the four-month ocean trip, their food stores were sufficient only for each to have a cup or two of grain-meal per day.
due to swampy conditions and widespread disease, someone died almost every day.
by september, more than 60 were dead of the 104 brought by newport.
the men may well have died from drinking brackish creek water and from poor nutrition.
the english arrived at jamestown in april 1607 and , by summer of that year , the settlers were still living in temporary housing.
the search for a suitable site ended on 14 may 1607 , when captain edward maria wingfield , president of the council , chose the jamestown site as the location
after the four-month ocean trip, their food stores were sufficient only for each to have a cup or two of grain-meal per day.
due to swampy conditions and widespread disease, someone died almost every day.
by september, more than 60 were dead of the 104 brought by newport.
the men may well have died from drinking brackish creek water and from poor nutrition.
in early january 1608, nearly 100 new settlers arrived with captain newport, and through carelessness the village was set on fire.
that winter the james river froze over, and the settlers were forced to live in the burnt ruins.
during this time , for the three months that newport and his crew were in port , they wasted much time loading their ships with iron pyrites ( fool 's
this is due to the fact that males typically stay near their natal sites to find a mate while females move around to find oviposition or feeding sites at various
because females are very mobile, males do not mate with relatives very often, and therefore inbreeding rates are very low.
pupal mating arose once during the evolution of heliconius, and these species form a clade on the evolutionary tree.
although pupal mating is observed quite frequently in insectaries, it is rarely seen in nature.
their eyes also help them to recognize color patterns in conspecifics.
uv rhodopsins in the eye help them to distinguish between 3-ohk yellow pigments , or ultraviolet colors , and other yellow pigments , which to the human eye is undistinguishable
at shorter distances, the butterflies recognize conspecifics via chemical cues.
these chemical cues include volatile and nonvolatile substances.
the significance of this chemical communication remains largely unknown for heliconius in general.
however, in h. melpomeme , (e)-?-ocimene was found to attract males and females in diurnal situations.
their eyes also help them to recognize color patterns in conspecifics.
uv rhodopsins in the eye help them to distinguish between 3-ohk yellow pigments , or ultraviolet colors , and other yellow pigments , which to the human eye is undistinguishable
at shorter distances, the butterflies recognize conspecifics via chemical cues.
these chemical cues include volatile and nonvolatile substances.
the significance of this chemical communication remains largely unknown for heliconius in general.
however, in h. melpomene , (e)-?-ocimene was found to attract males and females in diurnal situations.
due to the timing of the communal roosting , h. charithonia need to be able to see at low light levels because it helps them navigate when searching for roost
their eyes also help them to recognize color patterns in conspecifics.
uv rhodopsins in the eye help them to distinguish between 3-ohk yellow pigments , or ultraviolet colors , and other yellow pigments , which to the human eye is undistinguishable
thompson bros. machinery co. ltd. was a family owned and operated shipbuilding and repair facility located in liverpool , queens county, nova scotia.
thompson bros. machinery co. ltd. was a family owned and operated shipbuilding and repair facility located in liverpool, queens county, nova scotia.
thompson bros. machinery co. ltd. was a family owned and operated shipbuilding and repair facility located in liverpool, queens county, nova scotia.
file:thompson bros. machinery co. ltd. facility 1930.jpg
thompson bros. machinery co. ltd. was a family owned and operated shipbuilding and repair facility located in liverpool, queens county, nova scotia.
style="background:# 00ff00 ; width:21%"| original air date
!
style="background:# 7b68ee; color:#ffffff ;" | no.
inseries
!
style="background:# 7b68ee; color:#ffffff ;" | no.
inseason
!
style="background:# 7b68ee; color:#ffffff ;" | title
!
style="background:# 7b68ee; color:#ffffff ;" | directed by
!
style="background:# 7b68ee; color:#ffffff ;" | written by
!
style="background:# 7b68ee; color:#ffffff ;" | original air date
meta golding as agent jordan todd replaced a. j. cook (jennifer jareau) from the episode "catching out" to the episode "bloodline".
a. j. cook ( jennifer jareau ) temporarily left the cast after the episode `` jj '' and she was replaced by rachel nichols as agent ( ashley seaver )
however, she became main cast from the episode "today i do" to "supply & demand".
paget brewster (emily prentiss) also left the cast temporarily after the episode "lauren".
love & hip hop: atlanta is an atlanta based spin-off of the original love & hip hop series.
it premiered june 18, 2012 at 8/7c on vh1.
the series is produced by stefan springman, mona scott-young, toby barruad, stephanie gayle and carlos king and is directed by david wolfgang and jade sandberg.
in an interview of december 2012 , k.michelle confirmed that they began filming season 2. it 's also been confirmed that herself , mimi , erica , momma dee ,
season 2 is schedule to premiere sometime in mid 2013. joining the cast for season 2 are mimi's new boyfriend nikko, and atlanta dj traci steele .
love & hip hop: atlanta is an atlanta based spin-off of the original love & hip hop series.
it premiered june 18, 2012 at 8/7c on vh1.
the series is produced by stefan springman, mona scott-young, toby barruad, stephanie gayle and carlos king and is directed by david wolfgang and jade sandberg.
in an interview of december 2012, k.michelle confirmed that they began filming season 2. it's also been confirmed that the entire cast would return on season 2 .
season 2 is schedule to premiere sometime in mid 2013. joining the cast for season 2 are mimi's new boyfriend nikko, and atlanta dj traci steele .
confirmed cast member for this season 22-year-old, milyn "mimi" jensen, is known for an alleged relationship with pop singer, justin bieber.
bad girls club allstars battle
bad girls club allstars battle is a new upcoming series, featuring cast members from past seasons of the bad girls club.
the show contains the girls competing in teams for $50,000.
this project will air in mid 2013, and started filming the first week of march 2013.
it was announced via twitter/ on february 1, 2013 by milyn jensen that she landed in miami to participate on the show.
however she is know for being the girl who was supposedly in a secret relationship with pop star justin bieber while he was dating fellow pop star
bad girls: all star battle includes many of your favorite bad girls competing for $50k on teams.
there are collineations besides the homographies.
in particular , any field automorphism of a field f induces a collineation of every projective space over f by applying to all homogeneous coordinates ( over a projective frame
these collineations are called automorphic collineations.
if you 're referring to my recent edits : i did n't remove the reference to the alleged relationship with bowie , i simply moved it to the paragraph about
if you want more on that subject, go ahead and add it (citing reliable sources of course).
sssoul (talk) 08:57, 22 april 2009 (utc)
any idea why?
preceding unsigned comment added by 88.106.87.95 (talk) 09:22, 18 may 2008 (utc)
in mid-1955 , zippo started year coding their lighters by the use of dots .
from 1966 until 1973 the year code was denoted by combinations of vertical lines .
from 1974 until 1981 the coding comprised combinations of forward slashes , in 1979 an error was made some lighters read / on the left and // on the right
notability issues
rausing did not enter the family business, instead travelling in his youth before meeting eva kemeny while in drug rehabilitation in the united states.
on 16 october 1992, the couple married.
in common with other members of the rausing family , they settled in london ( and barbados ) , and donated millions of pounds to charities , in particular those
they built and funded a rehabilitation centre in the caribbean island of barbados .
in april 2008, rausing and his wife faced drug charges after quantities of crack cocaine and heroin were found in their home.
review of paul preston's the spanish holocaust (review doesn't show up )(subtle vandalism and joke )
christina was the daughter of charles iii of lorraine and granddaughter of catherine de' medici.
her claim that , in terms of the reproductive system , women are inverted men inside and have equal significance in reproduction challenged the vision of women 's reproductive role
sharp strongly opposed the growing trend of men as midwives.
it was her belief that women were naturally inclined toward midwifery.
she acknowledged that men had better access to education and therefore tended to have greater theoretical knowledge of anatomy and medicine , but she decried male midwives ' lack of
she called for female midwives to end their reliance on male doctors entirely , proposing instead that midwives learn how to deal with emergencies and complications themselves.
complaining of the inadequacies of female education , she noted that `` women can not attain so rarely to the knowledge of things as many may , who are bred
sharp used knowledge passed on from the students of hippocrates, including aristotle and galen, and fellow medieval writers of midwife manuals .
firstly , knowledge was passed on through translations of the hippocratic writers , and , secondly , through the publication of medical treatises such as nicholas culpeper|nicholas culpeper 's 1662
this harnessed knowledge , coupled with years of experience , led to sharp 's contribution to printed text on midwifery while addressing the gender inequalities of both medical knowledge and
the targeted audience of the book is assumed to be the middle class because it was expensive.
the midwives book was published in 1671 and instructed women how to maintain their births.
there were four editions of the book by 1725. the gave practical direction to each party involved in the birthing process.
this included the mother, father, and midwife.
the book consists of six parts and discusses anatomy,including extended chapters on the female and male body, signs of pregnancy, and postpartum disease.
in addition to using the book as a practical guide to midwifery , she uses her book as a platform to express her views on women 's education , male
the book is still in print as a primary source of information about women, childbirth, and sexuality during the renaissance.
i am contributed to the article for jane sharp for my history of science class at the university of oklahoma .
fifth generation (xf50) 2012-
magnus and helga magnuson: gunther's parents.
they own a bubble car and a restaurant called "battlesnax" (previously called "fd").
they are vikings and lived in the nordic country and have shown to have a deep friendship with the buttowski family.
if no fire occurs for an extended period of time , plants can begin to crowd out new plant growth , such as sagebrush and grasses in the beaver creek
fire acts as a cleansing agent because by burning dead trees and other vegetation along with the crowded plants and trees more space is made for new growth.
the best type of fire for cleansing an ecosystem is a slow moving fire that burns few trees and lots of ground vegetation.
these types of fires usually produce a mosaic pattern , not all trees and vegetation is burned , so that there is a good mixture between new growth and fully
the beaver creek ecosystem is a disturbance-dependent ecosystem, and fire is part of its disturbance regime.
being a disturbance-dependent ecosystem means that the native animals and plants adapted to the disturbance and depend on the disturbance for their survival .
for a fire to cause as much damage as the beaver creek fire, several factors play a part in the behavior of the fire.
the behavior of fire depends on weather, fuel, and topographic information .
plants in fire related disturbance - dependent ecosystems can have serotinous pines , or they have a resin over their seeds to delay seed release , when the fire comes
germination timed to fire is another method for plant survival.
germination timed to fire means that chemicals in a plant will trigger its growth once the ground is heated to a certain temperature by a fire.
resource allocation, a plant able to disperse its seeds in a large area, helps with plant survival during fire as well.
in the area where the beaver creek fire took place, lodge pole pine trees and juniper trees are just two plants in the ecosystem that are fire dependent .
fire can have negative effects such as presenting the opportunity for noxious and invasive plants to take over.
invasive plants can compete with native plants for water and soil causing the death of the native plants.
the death of native plants leads to a loss of habitat and less food for native animals causing their populations to shrink .
invasive plants can affect the growth and spread rate of wildfires based on the invasive plants moisture content, location, and type of fuel .
an example of an invasive species in the area of the beaver creek fire is cheat grass, bromus tectorum .
cheat grass sprouts before idahos native plants, thus taking growth area away from native plants and habitat away from native animals.
later saira banu made a public statement that the actor is in good health and in high spirits.
on september 15 2013, the 90 year old dilip kumar suffered a silent heart attack and was subsequently admitted to lilavati hospital in mumbai.
on september 16 , a hospital statement said that his condition was stable and he was put under observation in icu for 48 hours due to his bypass status and
he had undergone heart surgery 14 years before.
as of 2   a .m.
ast ( 0600 utc ) october 14 , hurricane gonzalo is located within 15 nautical miles of , about 20 miles ( 30 km ) southeast of saint martin and
maximum sustained winds are 90  knots ( 105  mph, 165  km/h), with maximum gusts up to 115  knots ( 130  mph, 210  km/h).
the minimum barometric pressure is 977  millibars (hpa; 28 .
85  inhg), and the system is currently moving to the northwest at 10 knots (12 mph, 19 km/h).
hurricane-force winds extend outward up to 10 miles ( 20 km ) from the center of gonzalo , while tropical storm-force winds extend outward up to 105 miles ( 165
from:12/10/2014 till:14/10/2014 color: c2 text:"gonzalo ( c2 )"
the board of education is made up of seven members:
daniel tomaszewski - president
paul infranco
michael a. loguercio, jr.
the most recent notable athletic achievement for the longwood school district is the national championship cheerleading team of 2009-10. the longwood high school varsity cheerleading team was composed of heather
on october 11th , 2014 , the longwood high school varsity football team was ranked the # 1 team on long island after making their 5th win with no losses
isaiah white, a senior on the football team, was interviewed by news 12 and other media outlets following the games .
longwood central school district was formed from a merger of the coram , yaphank , west yaphank , east middle island , west middle island , and ridge school districts
the international world wide web conference (abbreviated as www) is a yearly international academic conference on the topic of the future direction of the world wide web.
though founded and independently organized by robert cailliau in 1994 , the conference has been organized by the international world wide web conferences steering committee ( iw3c2 ) , also
the conferences location rotates among north america , europe , and asia and its events usually span a period of 5 days a. the conference aims to provide a forum
the international world wide web conference (abbreviated as www) is a yearly international academic conference on the topic of the future direction of the world wide web.
though founded and independently organized by robert cailliau in 1994 , the conference has been organized by the international world wide web conferences steering committee ( iw3c2 ) , also
the conferences location rotates among north america , europe , and asia and its events usually span a period of 5 days.the conference aims to provide a forum in which
lastly, the conference allows for a series of co-located workshops to its attendees dedicated to emergent web topics.
election commissioner somchai srisuthiyakorn stated that the ec would organise the february 2 vote to the best of its ability , including the enactment of measures to prevent violence and
labor minister chalerm yubamrung , recently being appointed as the head of the government 's crisis response agency , explained that 10,000 police officers would be mobilized to ensure the
during the meeting at the army club, pdrc supporters surrounded a man and smashed a brick on the head as they suspected he was not a pdrc supporter .
the undercover policemen had opened fire in self defense.
several amnesty proposals and amendments to the constitution had been debated by the house of representatives during yingluck's premiership.
most of these were popularly perceived as benefiting thaksin, and were opposed by the democrat party.
in august 2013, the pheu thai-majority house approved after first reading a draft bill proposed by pheu thai mp and udd activist worachai hema.
street protests leading up to the parliamentary session were held by an anti-thaksin group calling itself the `` people 's democratic force to overthrow thaksinism '' ( pefot ) ,
the amnesty bill was handed over to a 35-member scrutinizing committee, after which it would be returned to the house for second and third readings.
the committee passed a revised draft of the bill on 18 october 2013. the bill , which in its original form was aimed to absolve civilian protesters , but excludes
the above statement is seen by some legal experts as an expression of disapproval to the specified house proceeding, which pheu thai has majority of seats.
moreover, the court held that it was competent to deal with the case according to the principles of separation of powers as well as checks and balances.
but some legal scholars argued that the court could not interfere with the constitutional amendment , as the national assembly was not exercising the legislative power , but the constituent
protesters broke into the offices of state-owned telecommunications companies cat and tot on 30 november, disrupting internet services for several hours.
that evening and early the next day , violence erupted between anti-government protesters and red-shirt government supporters near rajamangala stadium , with gunshots fired , resulting in four deaths and
the udd leaders subsequently ended their rally the following morning.
the government of yingluck came to power in the 2011 elections, in which her pheu thai party won an outright majority.
yingluck is a sister of former prime minister thaksin, and the pheu thai party is closely aligned with him.
thaksin , who was ousted in a 2006 coup d'tat is living in self-imposed exile to avoid a 2008 corruption conviction still commands popular support among most rural thais and
it became so popular that patrons on the opposite side of the highway would often risk injury running to the restaurant , even after a centre barrier was erected on
webers was opened on july 11th, 1963, by paul weber sr., to cater to cottage goers.
it became so popular that patrons on the opposite side of the highway would often risk injury running across the street to the restaurant , even after a centre barrier
webers was opened on july 11th, 1963, by paul weber sr., to cater to cottage goers.
by the 1970s, it became so popular that patrons on the opposite side of the highway would often risk injury running across the street to the restaurant.
in 1981, the municipality built a boxbeam barrier along the median of the highway in an effort to stop the jaywalking.
the following year, they took further precaution by erecting a chain-link fence on top of the waist-high barrier.
in 1983, webers installed a footbridge that was once a segment of the cn tower's skywalk to provide safe access to southbound travellers.
in 1987, webers installed three cn train cars, used to house their own meat processing facility .
they have since added two dining cars as well , which are open for customers to eat their food in .
in 1979, knotts returned to series television in his second most identifiable role, the wacky-but-lovable landlord ralph furley on three's company.
the series , which was already an established hit , added knotts to the cast when the original landlords , helen roper and her husband stanley roper , a married
though the role of the outlandish , overdressed , buffoon landlord was originally intended to be a minor recurring character , knotts was so funny and lovable as a character
on set , knotts easily integrated himself to the already-established cast who were , as john ritter put it , `` so scared '' of knotts because of his star
when suzanne somers left the show after a contract dispute in 1981, the writers started giving the material meant for somers's crissy to knotts's furley.
knotts remained on the show until it ended in 1984. the three 's company script supervisor , carol summers , went on to be knottss agentoften accompanying him to personal
i joined wikipedia for a school assignment, and now i edit articles in my spare time.
i'm still fairly new, so please tell me if i'm messing something up.
unlike elsewhere in beckett 's work , no bicycle appears in this play , but hugh kenner in his essay `` the cartesian centaur '' reports that beckett once ,
housing rfp's
historically documented tribes in the north carolina region include the carolina algonquian-speaking tribes of the coastal areas , such as the chowanoke , roanoke , pamlico , machapunga , coree
north carolina is a state in the southeastern united states.
the state borders south carolina and georgia to the south, tennessee to the west, virginia to the north, and the atlantic ocean to the east.
north carolina is the 28th most extensive and the 10th most populous of the 50 united states.
north carolina is known as the tar heel state and the old north state.
north carolina is home of the native americanlumbee tribe , which is the largest tribe in north carolina , the largest tribe east of the mississippi river and the ninth
north carolina is a state in the southeastern united states.
the state borders south carolina and georgia to the south, tennessee to the west, virginia to the north, and the atlantic ocean to the east.
north carolina is the 28th most extensive and the 10th most populous of the 50 united states.
north carolina is known as the tar heel state and the old north state.
north carolina is home of thelumbee tribe , which is the largest american indian tribe in north carolina , the largest tribe east of the mississippi river and the ninth
north carolina is a state in the southeastern united states.
the state borders south carolina and georgia to the south, tennessee to the west, virginia to the north, and the atlantic ocean to the east.
north carolina is the 28th most extensive and the 10th most populous of the 50 united states.
north carolina is known as the tar heel state and the old north state.
north carolina is home to the lumbee tribe , which is the largest american indian tribe in north carolina , the largest tribe east of the mississippi river and the
the ancestors of the lumbee were mainly cheraw and related siouan-speaking indians who have lived in the area of what is now robeson county prior to the 1700s.
the lumbee people are still fighting for full federal recognition .
this new -93.2c record is a satellite measurement of a spot somewhere in antarctica.
yes, it is the lowest temperature found on earth, but no, it was not measured at vostok station.
akseli9 (talk) 06:55, 11 december 2013 (utc)
some climbers who have pushed the limits of solo climbing include : pierre allain , hansjrg auer , john bachar , henry barber , patrick berhault , thomas bubendorfer ,
the ign is the successor to the geographical service of the army ( service gographique de larme or sga ) , which was founded in 1887 and disbanded in 1940.
the general louis hurault, who was at the origin of these modifications, was the first director of the ign.
he tried, in vain, to recover the material shared by the germans.
a law in ten articles is signed the 14 in order to define the functions of the ign.
the statutes had been signed the 8. this established the national school of geographical sciences in order to train cartographical engineers.
stephanie tingley writes in her encyclopedia entry on workman 's travel writing that there is an `` implicit feminist criticism of women 's hardships and inferior social status '' in
she was `` a strong-willed , outspoken exponent of the rights of women ... and she used their combined travels as a living demonstration of her own capabilities '' as
however , these travel books are written in the first-person plural or third-person singular , so it is difficult to decisively attribute views or voices to either william or fanny
the workman 's works are colonialist in that they describe the people they meet and observe as `` at best as exotic or unusual , at worst as primitive or
however, at times they are aware of their own biases, demonstrating that the people they encounter see them in a similar light.
tenzing got his first opportunity to join an everest expedition when he was employed by eric shipton , leader of the reconnaissance expedition in 1935. as a 20-year-old his chance
as a friend of angtharkay he was quickly pushed forward, and his attractive smile caught the eye of shipton, who decided to take him on.
category:mountain climbers by nationality
the sport has produced a number of well-known practitioners, made famous by remarkable photos of a climber totally alone and unprotected on sheer cliffs.
two of the most famous free soloists , alain robert ( `` the french spider-man '' ) , and dan goodwin ( `` skyscraperman '' ) , have also scaled
alt=warning icon please stop your disruptive editing.
if you continue to vandalize wikipedia, as you did at :wikipedia:go ahead ,vandalize, you may be blocked from editing.
danielklee92 (talk) 23:52, 12 december 2013 (utc)
alt=warning icon please stop your disruptive editing.
if you continue to vandalize wikipedia, as you did at :wikipedia:go ahead,vandalize, you may be blocked from editing.
danielklee92 (talk) 23:52, 12 december 2013 (utc)
alt=warning icon please stop your disruptive editing.
if you continue to vandalize wikipedia, as you did at :wikipedia:go ahead ,vandalize, you may be blocked from editing.
danielklee92 (talk) 23:52, 12 december 2013 (utc)
cameron boyce ( born may 28 , 1999 ) is an american actor and dancer best known for his roles in the feature films mirrors , eagle eye , grown
records
kiha 58 dmu between yufuin and minami-yufu
is a railway station in taki, taki district, mie prefecture, operated by central japan railway company (jr central).
the station is 42.5 rail kilometers from the terminus of the kisei line at kameyama station and is a terminus for the sang line .
irregular freight services are still operated by the japan freight railway company.
shake it up was an american sitcom that originally aired on disney channel in the united states from november 7 , 2010 to november 10 , 2013. created by chris
it also chronicles their misadventures on- and off-set, and their troubles and rising social status at school.
davis cleveland, roshon fegan, adam irigoyen, kenton duty and caroline sunshine also are other main cast members in the series.
guest stars: roger bart as dance teacher and chris galya as tony.
, from , "to stir, to mix") was an ancient greek drink made mainly of water, barley and naturally occurring substances.
it was used at the climax of the eleusinian mysteries to break a sacred fast, but it was also a favourite drink of greek peasants .
it is also a popular drink among punjabi peasants.
it is called 'sattu' in punjabi .
a scottish example is atholl brose which is made with oats.
in mexico grain-based aguas frescas are made by street vendors using similar methods.
roasted barley tea is a popular traditional asian equivalent.
barley water is a very common drink in south korea.
in britain , robinsons lemon barley water , now a britvic brand , is sold in bottles of 850ml of sweetened concentrate , which is usually diluted with three to
orange barley water is also available, as well as eight varieties of what the company calls "fruit & barley" drinks.
in 1971, khalistan proponent jagjit singh chauhan, travelled to the united states.
he placed an advertisement in the new york times proclaiming the formation of khalistan and was able to collect millions of dollars.
on 12 april 1980 , he held a meeting with the indian prime minister indira gandhi before declaring the formation of `` national council of khalistan '' , at anandpur
he declared himself as the president of the council and balbir singh sandhu as its secretary general.
in may 1980, jagjit singh chauhan travelled to london and announced the formation of khalistan.
a similar announcement was made by balbir singh sandhu, in amritsar, who released stamps and currency of khalistan.
the inaction of the authorities in amritsar and elsewhere was decried by akali dal headed by the sikh leader harchand singh longowal as a political stunt by the congress (
derrida died in october 2004.
stiegler 's work is influenced by , among others , sigmund freud , andr leroi-gourhan , gilbert simondon , friedrich nietzsche , paul valry , edmund husserl , martin heidegger
history & systems 480
my name is payton ressen.
i am a junior at ndsu and my major is psychology
with a minor in neuroscience.
with a minor in neuroscience.
i lay in my dressing room after being in make-up, waiting to be called on the set.
they knew i was feeling pretty rotten, and they tried to give me time to rest.
i kept having chills.
this was the middle of the summer and i was wearing a sheepskin jacket and i was chilling.
i was shaking all over.
then , while sitting on a scaffolding with maurice evans , being lit for a special effects scene : they were setting an inky - that 's a little tiny
that flickering, flickering flickering made me feel weird.
and i 'm sitting on this platform up in the air ... and i turned to gibby , who was just down below , and i said , 'gibby ,
he started to help me down and that's the last thing i remember until i woke up on the floor.
that 's about all i remember of the incident ... and i 'd managed to bite a very large hole in the side of my tongue before they could pry
born richard stanford cox in carmel-by-the-sea, california, sargent had appeared in films since his debut in prisoner of war (1954).
when dick york was forced to leave the bewitched series owing to serious back problems in 1969, sargent stepped into the role .
he was accepted by viewers, but even in the present viewers prefer dick york, as he was the original darrin .
he had first been offered the role in 1964 after william asher and elizabeth montgomery were involved and chose him but was under contract to universal studios and unable to
his efforts were focused on the short-lived sitcom broadside instead.
he appeared in the great locomotive chase starring fess parker, operation petticoat starring cary grant, and the ghost and mr. chicken starring don knotts.
sargent played darrin until bewitched ended in 1972. later in the 1970s , he appeared in hardcore as jake van dorn 's straight laced brother in law , wes dejong
the single , `` boss '' , from the group 's upcoming debut album was officially announced on 30 may 2014 , when fifth harmony played a teaser snippet of
the official music video for the song was released on july 8, 2014. the music video was directed and choreographed by fatima robinson.
in reference to the past attempts at identification based on facial features dr. ashton remarked , `` it is not surprising then that some earlier-style features found their way into
back pillar and crown : dr. ashton made a connection between the statue at the rom and an almost identical piece from the petrie museum of egyptian archaeology , university
the back pillar usually "extended beyond the statue's head only in colossal statue's to support the headdress."
the rom and the petrie sculptures were "smaller than life-size" yet both shared the back pillars defining characteristic.
while the piece at the rom does not have any identifying inscriptions , the sculpture at the petrie museum does and reads `` king 's sister and king 's wife
the inscription on the petrie sculpture identifies the piece to be of cleopatra vii sometime between 46-47 bc.
the crown of the statue (now broken) provided another link to identifying the statue.
`` in form , the rom and the petrie sculptures are the same ; both have the crown carved from the same block of stone as the statue 's .
the differences in the two crowns can be found on the statue's headdress.
the rom's statue has one uraeus (cobra) sculpted into the headdress, while the petrie piece has three.
one cobra was usually indicative of being "associated with arsinoe ii" a queen we now know cleopatra vii was synonymous with, through policy.
three cobras was the usual distinction cleopatra vii would use in motifs.
with this in mind , dr. ashton hypothesized that `` the rom statue may thus be a missing link-a very early representation of the queen , at a time before
this would date the statue from 51 to 47 bc.
facial features : while examining the statue 's face , dr. ashton noted `` in profile , the face appears flat and almost angular , a feature typical of roman-era
she adds , `` the pronounced modelling around the eyes is typical of roman-period sculptures and can be found on numerous sphinxes and portraits of the emperor as pharaoh .
the modern day significance of the statue can be found in the rarity and academic properties.
in regards to rarity , roberta shaw states that `` the rom 's statue of cleopatra vii forms part of a pair , '' and is believed that `` the
this pair is one of a kind, no other statues of this iconic ancient queen during the period 69 - 30 bc have been discovered.
thomas started the life in 1149/50 ; he completed volume 7 by 1173. augustus jessopp ( 1823-1914 ) , one of the editors of the first printed edition of thomas
monument at beilis ' gravebeilis died unexpectedly at a hotel in saratoga springs on 24 tammus 5694 ( july 7 , 1934 ) and was buried two days later at
leo frank and sholem aleichem are also buried there.
read english translation of the epitaph on beilis' footstone.
the folk-lores of the karbis , however , indicate that during the long past , once they used to live on the banks of the rivers the kalang and the
during the reigns of the dimasa kachari kings , they were driven to the hills and some of them entered into jaintia hills , the erstwhile jaintia kingdom and lived
while a section of the karbis remained in the jaintia kingdom , others moved towards north-east by crossing the river barapani , a tributary of the klopli and entered into
there they established their capital at a place called socheng .
the karbis who migrated to the ahom kingdom had to face the burmese invasion.
the chitpavan or chitpawan, part of the konkanastha brahmins (i.e.
"brahmins native to the konkan") , are a brahmin community of konkan, the coastal region of western india.
the mithila are an ancient people, recorded in the hindu shastras such as the ramayana & the mahabharata.
famously , sita , long-suffering wife of rama , king of the ancient kingdom of kosala , approximately co-terminus with late medieval nawabate of oudh or awadh , present day
india , was a mithilan , daughter of the 21st or 24th janaka dynasty king of mithila ; ruling from the city of janakpur , nepal , for very many
with the gorkha conquests of surrounding nations and lands in the aftermath of the collapse of the mughal empire , the gorkhali empire , forerunner of modern nepal , overran
this caused england to war with the gorkha empire , the anglo-nepal war , resulting in a peace that partitioned mithila , with the north , including the capital janakpur
this southern , larger section , indian mithila or southern maithila or dakshin maithila , then , after 1937 , was included into bihar province of british india , later
the saugor and nerbudda territories were captured from the marathas at the conclusion of the third anglo-maratha war in 1818. saugor was the seat of a maratha governor , and
the saugor and nerbudda territories were attached to the north-western provinces, which included the british dominions in the southern portion of present-day uttar pradesh state.
(mohegan tribal medicine woman.)
zobel has published multiple books including the historical autobiography, medicine trail: the life and lessons of gladys tantaquidgeon, as well as the futuristic fictional novel oracles.
(traditional leaders) it is important to note that she has also published under her maiden name of melissa jayne fawcett.
(melissatantaquidgeonzobel.com)
after receiving her b.s.f.s.
in history and diplomacy from georgetown university, zobel went on to earn her m.a.
in history from the university of connecticutthe school from which both her mother and great-aunt received degrees.
( traditional leaders ) ( fawcett , jayne ) ( gladys tantaquidgeon biography ) she then served as the storyteller of the mohegan tribe and traveled all throughout new england
(traditional leaders)
the lasting of the mohegans: part i, the story of the wolf people.
the mohegan tribe, 1995. asin b0006qgxtk
john christian hopkins (b.
1960) is a narragansett journalist, author, poet and public speaker who resides in tuba city, arizona .
growing up in westerly, rhode island, hopkins graduated from the university of rhode island with degrees in journalism and history in 1987.
in 1999 she was given the mary ann hartman award , which recognizes maine women for accomplishments in the arts , politics , business , education , and community services
donna also created and supported the first "state of the tribes address" in the history of maine.
a joint session of the legislature was held in march of 2002. attended by tribal chiefs, the event was broadcast live on maine public television and radio.
in 2012, melissa tantaquidgeon zobel also earned her m.f.a.
from fairfield university.
on 7 june 2013 the premier league confirmed that bostock was one of a number of premiership players who were being released by their clubs and were now free agents
the official announcement from tottenham was made on 10 june 2013 including bostock amongst a number of spurs players who would not be offered new contracts and were being released
on 11 july 2013 bostock joined royal antwerp in the belgium second tier, on a two year deal.
owen story (born 3 august 1984 in burton upon trent) is an english professional footballer.
he currently plays as a forward for conference north brackley town.
william lee "billy" turley (born 15 july 1973) is an english football goalkeeper who last played conference north side brackley town.
william lee "billy" turley (born 15 july 1973) is an english football goalkeeper who plays for conference north side brackley town.
brett solkhon (born 12 september 1982) is an english footballer who plays for brackley town as a defender or a central midfielder.
he signed for conference north side corby town on 21 may 2009 after being released from kettering town and then rejoined the poppies after a successful trial.
stephen alan "steve" harper (born 14 march 1975) is an english footballer who last played for premier league club newcastle united as a goalkeeper.
after the mathadipathi attain samadhi, the patta-shishya will become new mathadipathi of the math.
after samadhi of mathadipathi, the patta-shishya will keep guru's pathukas (wooden footwear) inside god's room to overcome the loss of guru.
h.h.shrimad sudhinra thirtha swamiji & h.h.shrimad samyamindra thirtha swamiji are the present mathadipathi & patta-shishya of kashimath.
h.h.shrimad sudhindra thirtha swamiji
his holiness shrimad samyamindra thirtha swamiji is the 21st swamiji of shree kashi math samsthan.
h.h.shrimad samyamindra thirtha swamiji born on 12 september 1982 in north paravur, ernakulam, kerala.
his poorvashram name was umesh mallaya.
sanyasa deeksha for samyamindra thirtha swamiji was given by present mathadipathi & dharma guru h.h.shrimad sudhindra thirtha on 20 june 2002. samyamindra thirtha swamiji was a second year b.com graduate
h.h.shrimath samyamindra thirtha swamiji is the current patta-shishya & uttaradhikari of kashi math.
h.h.shrimad samyamindra thirtha swamiji is the current patta-shishya & uttaradhikari of shri kashi math samsthan.
shrimad sudhindra thirtha swamiji is the present mathadipathi and 20th swamiji of shri kashi math samsthan.
shrimad sudhindra thirtha swamiji born on 31 march 1926 in ernakulam, kerala.
his poorvashram name was sadashiva shenoy.
sanyasa deeksha for sudhindra thirtha swamiji was given by his parama guru shrimad sukrateendra thirtha on 24 may 1945. sudhindra thirtha swamiji was a pre-degree student when he selected for
sudhindra thirtha swamiji is a gifted writer and poet in sanskrit.
swamiji has composed many stotras and prayers.
one of the famous stotra is sree vyasa sahasranama.
main deities of samsthan kashi math are charaprathishta ( literally , a moving installation ) idols of lord shri veda vyasa , lord shri rama ( raghupati ) and lord
as per the tradition of kashi math , the mathadipathi will travel & camp with the deities in various places.
the bucket is designed for a person to stand in and work from.
often a duplicate set of controls that are used to manipulate the position of the bucket will be available to the person in the bucket , allowing the operator to
the lifting arms of some cherry pickers are capable of telescoping to adjust the reach of the device, usually with automatic safety controls to prevent tipping over.
articulated boom lifts are more appropriate than stick booms when operating in tight spaces or when clearing nearby obstacles is necessary .
cherry pickers can either be electrically powered using batteries or powered with a diesel engine.
there are advantages and disadvantages associated with both types of power .
it is often mounted on the back of a large vehicle such as a truck ( in which case it may also be called a bucket truck ) , it
the bucket is designed for a person to stand in and work from.
often a duplicate set of controls that are used to manipulate the position of the bucket will be available to the person in the bucket , allowing the operator to
the lifting arms of some cherry pickers are capable of telescoping to adjust the reach of the device, usually with automatic safety controls to prevent tipping over.
articulated boom lifts are more appropriate than stick booms when operating in tight spaces or when clearing nearby obstacles is necessary.
cherry pickers can either be electrically powered using batteries or powered with a diesel engine.
there are advantages and disadvantages associated with both types of power.
it is often mounted on the back of a large vehicle such as a truck ( in which case it may also be called a bucket truck ) , it
the bucket is designed for a person to stand in and work from.
often a duplicate set of controls that are used to manipulate the position of the bucket will be available to the person in the bucket , allowing the operator to
the lifting arms of some cherry pickers are capable of telescoping to adjust the reach of the device, usually with automatic safety controls to prevent tipping over.
articulated boom lifts are more appropriate than stick booms when operating in tight spaces or when clearing nearby obstacles is necessary.
cherry pickers can either be electrically powered using batteries or powered with a diesel engine.
makhosetive was crowned mswati iii , ingwenyama and king of swaziland on april 25 , 1986 at the age of 18 , thus becoming the youngest ruling monarch at the
together with his mother ntombi, now queen mother (indlovukazi), he rules the country as an absolute monarch.
mswati iii is known for his practice of polygyny (although at least two wives are appointed by the state) and currently has 15 wives.
his policies and opulent lifestyle have also triggered domestic protests.
the king has half brothers and half sisters from the other wives of king sobhuza ii.
from what i know and what i have read, the king cannot have a brother from the same mother, especially a younger brother.
however , king bhunu ( ngwane v ) had a young brother named prince malunge who was a regent during sobhuza 's minority alongside labotsibeni mdluli , he was also
i think this might be an indication that this tradition is not always closely followed .
sobhuza did have some sisters as well .
ludvonga (talk) 22:52, 19 february 2014 (utc)
swaziland is divided into four regions : hhohho, lubombo, manzini and shiselweni.
in each of the four regions, there are several tinkhundla (singular inkhundla) managed by a regional administrator through elected members in each inkhundla.
the local government is divided into differently structured rural and urban councils depending on the level of development in the area.
although there are different political structures to the local authorities, effectively the urban councils are municipalities and the rural councils are the tinkhundla.
there are 12 municipalities and 55 tinkhundla.
there are three tiers of government in the urban areas and these are city councils, town councils and town boards.
this variation considers the size of the town or city.
equally there are three tiers in the rural areas which are the regional administration at the district level, tinkhundla and chiefdoms.
decisions are made by full council based on recommendations made by the various sub-committees.
scarlettail (talk) 03:45, 3 april 2014 (utc)
vermont is the leading producer of maple syrup in the united states.
the state capital is montpelier with a population of 7,855, making it the least populous state capital in the country.
vermont 's most populous city is burlington , with a 2010 population of 42,417 , which makes it the least populous city in the united states to be the largest
burlington's metropolitan area has a population of 211,261.
the total gross state product for 2010 was $237 billion.
the per capita income for 2007 was $64,833, ranking fourth, behind the district of columbia, delaware, and alaska.
there is , however , a great disparity in incomes throughout the state ; although new canaan has one of the highest per capita incomes in america , hartford is
as with bridgeport, new haven and other cities in the state, hartford is surrounded by wealthier suburbs.
the state's unemployment rate in februaru 2013 was 7 .
9 %.
the narrative begins just after tom joad is paroled from mcalester prison for homicide.
on his journey to his home near sallisaw , oklahoma , tom meets former preacher jim casy , whom he remembers from his childhood , and the two travel together
when they arrive at tom's childhood farm home, they find it deserted.
disconcerted and confused , tom and casy meet their old neighbor , muley graves , who tells them the family has gone to stay at uncle john joad 's home
graves goes on to tell them that the banks have evicted all the farmers off their land, but he refuses to leave the area.
university of wyoming , football , basketball , hockey , swimming , racquetball , diving , soccer , golf , wrestling , tennis , volleyball , track and field ,
oh my god, oh my goodness, or oh my gosh , a common abbreviation used in sms language, instant messaging and other internet communication
the united states census bureau estimates that the population of montana was 1 , 015 ,165 on july 1 , 2013 , a 2.6 % increase since the 2010 united
north carolina has suffered a major disaster when coal ash from a duke energy site spilled into the dan river .
governor mccrory worked for duke energy for many years.
it is believed that duke energy has major influence on his administration.
the laws that protect the quality of our air, water, and soil have been weakened by the current general assembly.
the budgets for the agencies that protect our natural heritage have been cut markedly.
the boards and commissions that work to insure the protection of our natural heritage were all replaced by new members that have links to mccrory and the group currently in
north carolina has suffered a major disaster when coal ash from a site spilled into the dan river.
governor mccrory worked for duke energy for many years.
it is believed that duke energy has major influence on his administration.
the laws that protect the quality of our air, water, and soil have been weakened by the current general assembly.
the budgets for the agencies that protect our natural heritage have been cut markedly.
the boards and commissions that work to insure the protection of our natural heritage were all replaced by new members that have links to mccrory and the group currently in
a bill to allow hydraulic fracturing (fracking) in north carolina was passed rapidly with little or no public input .
north carolina has suffered a major disaster when coal ash from a duke energy site spilled into the dan river.
governor mccrory worked for duke energy for many years.
it is believed that duke energy has major influence on his administration.
the laws that protect the quality of our air, water, and soil have been weakened by the current general assembly.
the budgets for the agencies that protect our natural heritage have been cut markedly.
the boards and commissions that work to insure the protection of our natural heritage were all replaced by new members that have links to mccrory and the group currently in
when king powhatan is presented with the captured smith , he decides, at the urging of the tribes priest grimosco, to execute him.
pocahontas, having been moved by smiths nobility, says she will not allow smith to be killed unless she herself dies with him.
this persuades powhatan to free smith.
soon , percy and rolfe encounter smith and his indian allies on the way back to the settlement , and rolfe is immediately struck by pocahontas , whose manner suggests
they speak of love, but rolfe must soon depart with smith.
pocahontas confesses her love for rolfe to miami, who receives the news with anger, jealousy and rage.
pocahontas convinces her father to dissolve her arranged engagement with miami, which will mean war between their two tribes.
critics have pointed out several inherent flaws in the script , including the early placement of the plays climax ( smith at the chopping block ) at the beginning of
in contrast, however others have argued that pocahontass love scene in act iii is where the truest poetry of the piece emerges.
in any case , the indian princess is credited as being primarily responsible for elevating the pocahontas story to one of the nation 's most celebrated myths , and is
the piece is also of note as one of very few of its time to have the entire musical score published and available today , as opposed to only individual
barker 's the indian princess has been cited as the first american play featuring native american characters to ever be staged , although barker 's play is predated by at
however , more recently uncovered evidence shows a record of an anonymous melodrama entitled captain smith and the princess pocahontas produced at the chestnut street theatre in 1806 , calling
barker 's play has also been cited as the earliest surviving dramatized account of smith and pocahontas , although this idea is debunked by the availability of the aforementioned johann
edward henry corboulds engraving (c. 1850), smith rescued by pocahontas was possibly also directly inspired by the indian princess.
disneys animated pocahontas (1995) is one of the more recent of several films also in the same tradition as barkers play.
catharsis ( from the greek meaning `` purification '' or `` cleansing '' ) is the purification and purgation of emotionsespecially pity and fearthrough art or any extreme change in
it is a metaphor originally used by aristotle in the poetics to describe the effects of tragedy on the spectator.
catharsis ( from the greek meaning `` purification '' or `` cleansing '' ) is the purification and purgation of emotionsespecially pity and fearthrough art or any extreme change in
i need to me some content
= hi
during the 17th century , many similar books were published that described in detail the methods of a number of magic tricks , including the art of conjuring ( 1614
restoration : the magician destroys an object , then restores it to its original statea rope is cut , a newspaper is torn , a woman is cut in half
teleportation : the magician causes something to move from one place to anothera borrowed ring is found inside a ball of wool , a canary inside a light bulb ,
when two objects exchange places, it is called a transposition: a simultaneous, double teleportation.
a teleportation can be seen as a combination of a vanish and a production.
as the field of magic has greatly grown so has the amount of professional modern magicians.
some of these new faces include : jay sankey , wayne houchin , greg frewin , shawn farquhar , eric leclerc , lee asher , aaron fisher and many more
exposure is claimed to "kill" magic as an art form and transforms it into mere intellectual puzzles and riddles.
it is argued that once the secret of a trick is revealed to a person , that one can no longer fully enjoy subsequent performances of that magic , as
sometimes the secret is so simple that the audience feels let down and disappointed it was taken in so easily.
back to the future is a 1985 american science fiction comedy film.
it was directed by robert zemeckis , written by zemeckis and bob gale , produced by steven spielberg , and stars michael j. fox , christopher lloyd , lea thompson
fox plays marty mcfly , a teenager who is sent back in time to 1955. he meets his future parents in high school and accidentally becomes his mother 's romantic
hi, i'm a bit baffled here.
my article was rejected , but if you have a look at any article at list of quantum chemistry and solid - state physics software , you 'll see that
which makes sense, because there's no sense in typing out the same text three dozen times over for people who are not knowledgeable within the subject.
that's why cross-links exist.
susilehtola (talk) 06: 36 , 11 july 2013 (utc)
diis (direct inversion in the iterative subspace or direct inversion of the iterative subspace), also known as pulay mixing, is an extrapolation technique.
diis was developed by peter pulay in the field of computational quantum chemistry with the intent to accelerate and stabilize the convergence of the hartree–fock self-consistent field method.
in 1981 , hoffmann received the nobel prize in chemistry , which he shared with kenichi fukui `` for their theories , developed independently , concerning the course of chemical
byrd, r. h, r. b. schnabel, and g. a. schultz. "
a trust region algorithm for nonlinearly constrained optimization ", siam j. numer.
anal., 24 (1987), pp.
11521170.
sorensen, d. c.: " newtons method with a model trust region modification ", siam j. numer.
anal., 19(2), 409426 (1982).
update the pressure field: where urf is the under-relaxation factor for pressure.
correct the cell velocities : ; where is the gradient of the pressure corrections , is the vector of central coefficients for the discretized linear system representing the velocity equation
the lagrangian, l, of a dynamical system is a function that summarizes the dynamics of the system.
it is named after giuseppe lodovico lagrangia, later known as joseph louis lagrange .
the migration may in fact have taken place as late as the 10th century, or in both.
they settled first at diu in kathiawar but soon moved to south gujart, where they remained for about 800 years as a small agricultural community."
as of january 2012 the british ambassador to the united states was sir peter westmacott who succeeded sir nigel sheinwald.
the german school london is a private school located in richmond, london, uk.
the school includes a kindergarten, pre school, elementary school, middle school and upper school.
the german school london is one of 140 schools abroad that the federal republic of germany and the local school association established to promote the german culture and language in
more recently the german school london established a bilingual system so that students have the choice between two different qualifications the abitur and the international baccalaureate.
the douglas house, the reception building of the german school london, was built in 1680 as a home for lord carlton.
after his death , kitty hyde , the wife of the duke of queensberry , inherited the house in 1725. the federal republic of germany bought the douglas house in
the school was then founded in 1971.
the german school london is in richmond, london and close to the bus stops petersham fox and duck and sandpits road.
the school is next to the river thames and richmond park.
the school consists of four main buildings.
a building for the upper and middle school , a newly established building for the elementary school , a building for pre-school and kindergarten and a sport facility building including
1866: italien zweiter teil : mittel-italien und rom
1666: italien dritter teil : unter-italien, sizilien und die liparischen inseln
1866: italien zweiter theil : mittel-italien und rom
1666: italien dritter theil : unter-italien, sizilien und die liparischen inseln
1866: italien zweiter teil : mittel-italien und rom
after graduating from horace greeley high school in chappaqua, new york , bendet studied international relations and french at the university of pennsylvania in 1999.
bendet has been on the vanity fair best dressed list multiple times .
bendet was born to olivia (ne bendet) wiener and joseph daniel wiener.
bendet's father ran a textile importing business which piqued her interest in fashion and clothing.
bendet graduated from horace greeley high school in chappaqua, new york.
bendet studied international relations and french at the university of pennsylvania in 1999.
bendet was born to olivia (ne bendet) wiener and joseph daniel wiener.
bendet graduated from horace greeley high school in chappaqua, new york.
bendet studied international relations and french at the university of pennsylvania in 1999.
in 2002, bendet founded alice + olivia after a quest to find the perfect pant .
bendet 's desire to make `` a trouser sexy '' and `` the focus of an outfit '' led to her modifying a pair of jeans that were cut slim
designer lisa kline noticed her walking by and on-the-spot, ordered twenty sets of the same outfit
in 2002, bendet founded alice + olivia after a quest to find the perfect pant .
bendet 's desire to make `` a trouser sexy '' and `` the focus of an outfit '' led to her modifying a pair of jeans that were cut slim
designer lisa kline noticed her walking by and on-the-spot, ordered twenty sets of the same outfit .
soon after, bendet launched her 20-piece collection at the russian tea room.
soon after the department store barneys new york placed an order and the man who developed the theory fashion line, andrew rosen, offered to finance the new business
she married film producer eric eisner , the son of disney executive michael eisner , on the caribbean island of anguilla in 2008. the couple had their first child ,
on april 8, 2011, bendet gave birth to scarlet haven eisner in new york city.
alain michel, associate professor of history and geography, is also an amateur goalkeeper in beaugency, blois and orlans.
he found work as a coach at beaugency , bourges , and louhans-cuiseaux , ( where he met christian laripe ) , he climbed to 11th place d2 in 1995-1996
in the summer of 2001 , michel was approached by the as saint-tienne , who were seeking a replacement to jean-guy wallemme and that just recruited laripe on the staff
there remained, however, a few weeks (eleven games) and leaves his place on october 9 at frederic antonetti.
a few weeks later he returned to grenoble , following the dismissal of marc westerloppe , and remained there until 2004 , providing annual maintenance of the club in d2
in 2004, he was hired as athletic director by the fc rouen.
at the end of the first season , he became coach following the sacking of eric dewilder , and the rest next season after the club 's relegation in cfa
alain michel is an associate professor of history and geography, and is also an amateur goalkeeper for beaugency, blois and orlans.
he found work as a coach at beaugency, bourges , and louhans-cuiseaux, (where he met christian laripe) .
until the establishment of the red army , military administration after the october revolution was taken over by the people 's commissariat of war and marine affairs headed by a
at the same time nikolay dukhonin was acting as the supreme commander-in-chief after alexander kerensky flee from russia.
on 12 november 1917 the soviet government appointed krylenko as the supreme commander-in-chief and because of an `` accident '' during forceful displacement of commander-in-chief dukhonin was killed on 20
bolsheviks also sent out their own representative to replace front commanders of the russian imperial army.
after the signing of treaty of brest-litovsk on 3 march 1918, a major reshuffling took place in the soviet military administration.
on 13 march 1918 the soviet government accepted the official resignation of krylenko and the post of supreme commander-in-chief was liquidated.
on 14 march 1918 leon trotsky replaced podvoisky as the narkom of war affairs.
on 16 march 1918 pavel dybenko was relieved from the office of narkom of marine affairs.
on 8 may 1918 there was created the all-russian chief headquarters headed by nikolai stogov and later alexander svechin.
on 2 september 1918 there was established the revolutionary military council ( rmc ) as the main military administration that was governed by the narkom of war affairs leon trotsky
on 6 september 1918 along with already existing chief headquarters, there was created the field headquarters of rmc initially headed by nikolai rattel.
the same day there was created office of the commander-in-chief of armed forces initially assigned to jukums vcietis (since july 1919 - sergey kamenev).
the commander-in-chief of armed forces existed until april 1924, the end of russian civil war.
in the early hours of 20 september 2007, jos mourinho announced his exit as chelsea manager by mutual consent with the club following a meeting with the board.
the former israel coach and chelsea's director of football, avram grant, was named as his replacement.
ever since grant had joined chelsea (in 2007) there had been friction between him and mourinho.
mourinho reportedly told grant not to interfere in team affairs but with abramovich 's backing , grant 's profile at the club rose after he was made a member of
this event apparently did not go down well with mourinho and may have contributed to his surprise departure.
avram grant led chelsea to the position of runners-up in the premiership and the club's first champions league final appearance, beaten by manchester united on both accounts.
the school also offers a nurse practitioner program and a physician assistant program.
the school offers many early selection options through participating universities, as well as a 7-year accelerated program.
science/engineering - manalapan high school
medical sciences - freehold high school
business administration - marlboro high school
humanities - howell high school
contemporary global issues (formerly international studies and global language and cultures) - freehold township high school
law and public service - colts neck high school
the medical sciences learning center ( or med sci ) , a specialized academic program within freehold high school , is a specific course load designed for students interested in
admittance to the program is highly selective and requires a high enough score on a mathematics/english standardized test and compelling short essays regarding motivation for application.
at the end of the rigorous four years of med sci , a few graduates have attended schools such as johns hopkins university , king 's college london , yale
the heart of cape town museum is a museum in the observatory, cape town suburb of cape town, south africa.
it is in the groote schurr hospital on main road.
the heart of cape town museum is a museum in the observatory, cape town suburb of cape town, south africa.
it is in the groote schuur hospital on main road.
the museum is laid out in the old main building of the groote schuur hospital in the original rooms where the first heart transplant surgery occurred.
it utilizes the same operating theaters originally used in december 1967 when denise darvall and her mother were rushed into the hospital after being struck by a vehicle.
the recipient of darval's heart was louis washkansky, a 54-year-old grocer, suffering from diabetes and incurable heart disease.
a two hour guided tour provides insight into the donor , the recipient , the ethical and religious issues of the time regarding `` moment of death '' and more
the couple's first few years of marriage were frequently difficult .
complications from a life-threatening bout of diphtheria left almanzo partially paralyzed.
while he eventually regained nearly full use of his legs, he needed a cane to walk for the remainder of his life.
this setback , among many others , began a series of disastrous events that included the death of their newborn son , the destruction of their barn along with the
the tales of their trials can be found in laura's book the first four years.
around 1890 , the wilders left de smet and spent about a year resting at almanzo wilder 's parents ' prosperous spring valley , ( minnesota ) farm before moving
they sought florida 's climate to improve almanzo 's health ; but being used to living on the dry plains , they wilted in the southern humidity and heat ,
in 1892, they returned to de smet and bought a small house.
landon was married three times and father to nine children.
in contrast to genetic causes of pre-lingual deafness , which are frequently autosomal recessive , post-lingual deafness causes tend to be autosomal dominant which account for 10-20 % of deaf
with 30% of all deafness diagnosis being in syndromic.
.
otosclerosis is a genetic factor which is correlated with post-lingual deafness in the population, as are alport syndrome, alstrm syndrome and refsum syndrome .
recent research suggests that gene sequencing in dna is responsible for some deafness and can be traced before the onset of deafness through gene mutation.
mucopolysaccharidosis is used to screen monogenic genes efficiently, outlining genes which could account for this disorder .
post-lingual deafened patients who develop the disorder later in life become at risk of developing behavioural problems including social isolation , as the andersen model has found significant evidence suggesting
generally post-lingually deafened adults have a significantly higher health service utilisation compared to the general adult population although other research suggest that the general post-lingually deaf patients report more social
higher visits in doctor visits have also been found in native post lingual speakers as compared to pre-lingual sufferers , and is correlated with doctors not sufficiently addressing the issues
research suggests that age of onset can still have language development issues even after the sensitive period of language development.
previous research into the field found that children who become deaf pre-puberty adversely affected their language skills more than adults deafened in their middle age , which accounts for their
patient with the onset of post-lingual deafness show deviations in speech patterns due to no auditory feedback , while onset after puberty shows a more profound effect towards phonetic deviations
patient variability will effect the treatment they will receive regarding their deafness, be it environmental factors, genetic mutations or a hereditary illness.
to decide which treatment patients would suit their needs, testing should be administered, in order to find the best treatment for that individual.
one test would be a mac test, to decide if the patient would benefit more a cochlear implant or a hearing aid < .
although the treatments target structurally different regions ( hearing aids amplify the sound through the ossicles and tympanic membranes , cochlear implantation ( ci ) sends the information straight into
a vast amount of research suggests that ci users have a the availability to improve their speech understanding and their quality of life , aside from the professional world and
additionally , audiologists and researchers suggest that patients receive the ci operation as soon as possible due to shorter hearing deprivation being singled out as a factor in the outcome
an additional treatment is electric acoustic stimulation (eas) involving the use of both a ci and a hearing aid together unilaterally.
led zeppelin remain one of the most bootlegged artists in the history of rock music.
one summer, celebrity magazine ( 2 of 2), silhouette special edition
second nature, celebrity magazine ( 1 of 2), silhouette special edition
without a trace, the o'hurleys (4 of 4), silhouette special edition
cormoran strike is a down-on-his-luck private investigator.
he has few clients, a large debt, and is obliged by a recent break-up to move into his office.
he has lost his leg in the afghan war .
the two biggest radio companies of hong kong , commercial radio hong kong and radio television hong kong, are both located in broadcast drive, kowloon tong .
minibus route 29a serves broadcast drive from mtr kowloon tong station .
kowloon tong is served by the mtr's east rail line and kwun tong line at kowloon tong station.
passengers may interchange here between the two lines.
the stretch of waterloo road through kowloon tong forms part of hong kong 's route 1. it leads into the lion rock tunnel , and as such it serves as
yau ma tei is also accessible via waterloo road.
one beacon hill
kowloon tong school (primary school)
for those of you who care to know about my background ( and , as it seems , the background of other random people , since you found your way
i also try change things that i think are wrong, but only when i have a considerable amount of knowledge on that subject.
i generally avoid adding information because i am incompetent at adding references and frankly , just like many others , i require the help of others to write a good
when i am not editing, however, i prefer browsing around randomly to find articles with interesting historical backgrounds.
the release of swift's self-titled debut album in 2006 established her as a country music star.
"our song", her third single, made her the youngest person to single-handedly write and perform a number one song on the hot country songs chart.
she received a best new artist nomination at the 2008 grammy awards.
on january 7, 2011, tilky jones was cast as logan reed.
on april 8, 2011 annabeth gish was cast for the role of anne sullivan, a therapist who tries to find out the characters' secrets.
on may 23, 2011, andrea parker signed up to appear as jessica dilaurentis, alison's mother.
on june 29, 2011, it was announced that natalie hall would be replacing natalie floyd as hanna's soon-to-be stepsister, kate.
series star chad lowe directed the tenth episode of the second season titled "touched by an 'a'-ngel".
on january 30, 2012, the hollywood reporter reported that tyler blackburn had been promoted to series regular for the third season.
in march 2012, janel parrish was also promoted from recurring to series regular for the third season.
the funkees were an afro-rock group formed in nigeria in the late 1960s.
they moved to london in 1973 and quickly gained prominence in the west african and west indian music scene, before fragmenting four years later.
they specialized in a brand of funky, upbeat, highly danceable afro-rock that often featured lyrics sung in igbo, as well as english.
originating as an army band after the biafran war , they contributed to the outpouring of upbeat music produced by young people in nigeria in response to the darkness of
in 2012, soundway records reissued a compilation of their recordings from the mid-70s, leading to a resurgence of interest in the band.
the legend of korra is set in the fictional world of avatar: the last airbender 70 years after the events of that series.
the world is separated into four nations: the (northern and southern) water tribes, the air nomads, the earth kingdom, and the fire nation.
the focus of the series is `` bending , '' the ability of some humans ( and animals ) to telekinetically manipulate the element associated with their nation ( water
bending is carried out using spiritual and physical exercises, which are portrayed in the series as similar to chinese and other asian martial arts .
in september, she underwent a second surgery.
again, frink did not let this hold her back, proceeding with a planned trip for exhibitions to new orleans, louisiana, and new york city.
the exhibitions were a success, but frink's health was clearly deteriorating.
despite this, she was working on a colossal statue, risen christ, for liverpool cathedral.
this sculpture would prove to be her last ; just one week after its installation , frink died from cancer on 18 april 1993 , aged 62 , in blandford
her husband had predeceased her by only a few months.
james jones (bishop) (born 1948), former anglican bishop of liverpool
two lifts are provided for the use of the bellringers and other visitors to the tower .
the peal proper ( hung for full-circle change ringing ) consists of thirteen bells weighing a total of , which are named the bartlett bells after thomas bartlett ( d
the bells vary in size and note from the comparatively light treble to the tenor weighing .
the 13th bell ( sharp 2nd ) is extra to the main 12-bell peal , and its purpose is to make possible ringing in a correct octave on lighter bells
all thirteen bells were cast by mears & stainbank of whitechapel in london.
the initial letters of the inscriptions on the thirteen bells spell out the name "thomas bartlett" (from tenor to treble).
by 1963 four different sentinel diesel models were being produced , commencing with the 34 ton chain drive 0-4-0 powered by the rolls-royce c6sfl six-cylinder engine of ( gross )
this was followed within a year by a 48 ton 0-6-0 rod coupled machine , fitted with a rolls-royce c8sfl eight-cylinder engine of ( gross ) ( later uprated to
between 1963 and 1966 a fleet of these diesel locomotives , eventually numbering five 0-6-0s and 18 0-4-0s , was supplied to the manchester ship canal company for use on
memorial tablet to lucius carey, 2nd viscount falkland, located on the south chancel wall of the church of st michael & all angels, great tew.
erected 1885. at gloucester he had in vain exposed himself to risks.
on the morning of the first battle of newbury , on 20 september 1643 , he declared to his friends , who would have dissuaded him from taking part in
while may historians have cited this as evidence for geoffrey 's norman heritage and historians ernesto pontieri and marjorie chibnall have gone so far as to place him in the
kenneth baxter wold argues that this is misguided and that geoffrey could have come from many places in europe.
it is likely that he came to sicily as part of duke roger 's ecclesiastical rebuilding , and was placed at the monastery of st. agatha , where he served
little is known of geoffrey before he became a monk in sicily.
he writes in the dedication of his history that he previously served the clergy in some secular capacity , and that he came from `` a region on the other
while may historians have cited this as evidence for geoffrey 's norman heritage and historians ernesto pontieri and marjorie chibnall have gone so far as to place him in the
kenneth baxter wolf argues that this is misguided and that geoffrey could have come from many places in europe.
it is likely that he came to sicily as part of duke roger 's ecclesiastical rebuilding , and was placed at the monastery of st. agatha , where he served
malaterra wrote latin history , the de rebus gestis rogerii calabriae et siciliae comitis et roberti guiscardi ducis fratris eius , which chronicles the history of the normans in italy
geoffrey reports pope urban ii's bull of 5 july 1098, which made roger and his heirs legates of the latin church, but not much after that.
additionally, he notes bohemond's joining the first crusade, but not the fall of jerusalem or bohemond's conquest of antioch.
these details indicate that he probably finished his history around this time in 1098. malaterra 's work is one of the three surviving contemporaneous histories of the norman conquest of
malaterra's is significant because it is the only history to significantly cover the conquest of sicily .
it seems likely that geoffrey was writing at the behest of roger , who was an old man by this time and may have been looking to legitimize the claims
unlike other medieval historians , such as dudo of saint-quentin , malaterra does not directly identify his sources , and alludes briefly to a number of informants , or relatoribus
these may have included roger i of sicily, himself.
19571961 skidmore college, saratoga springs, new york, instructor in art
in 2002 an honorary doctor of humane letters from skidmore college ; in 2006 a fifty thousand dollar fellowship award from united states artists in support of her creative work
1956 fulbright research grant
he maried mary moody ( d. 1837 ) , daughter of revd william moody of bathamton house , wiltshire , and had two children , a boy and a girl
he then later maried mary hill hopkins who he had two sons and two daughhters with.
being one of the first solicitors to concentrate on trade unions , roberts was appointed as the legal adviser for the northumberland and durham miners ' union , he became
his philosophy was simple "we resist every individual act of oppresion, even in cases we were sure of losing."
the coal owners serverely weakend the union after a prolonged dispute.
the union could no longer afford the services of roberts.
roberts moved to manchester in the summer of 1845 and became legal adviser to the lancashire miners' association.
he became friends and neighbours with richard marsden pankhurst and later annie besant.
he also notably fought cases involving trade unionists including the case involving engineers from newton-le-willows indicted for picketing.
he also help karl marx in his legal affairs .
in 1854 he attacked the bill restricting trade on sundays as a hypocritical encroachment on the liberties of the poor.
the turistic village rasseyka is located on the north-west coast of the lagoon.
the lagoon is separated from the black sea and also from the shagany lagoon by the sandbar with the marine beaches.
the continental coast is connected with the sandbar by 6 bridges.
the shop was founded by sean body in 1995 , who specifically chose the location of 4 , denmark street as it had previously housed regent sounds studios , which
the shop specialised in books and fanzines covering bob dylan, which at one point accounted for 40% of its sales.
the shop also sold sheet music and music-related artwork.
despite predictions it would not appeal to a wide market and be `` a boys ' anorak paradise '' , a report in the independent suggested that 20 % of
attigundi is a village in the chikkamagalur district of karnataka.
franck grandel
jocelyn angloma
total number of yellow cards: 90
average yellow cards per match: 3.
60
i am new user.
mainly interested in wikimedia software.
i am user here to see latest application.
--texas legal guide (talk) 18:08, 11 february 2013 (utc)
user:texas legal guide/ sandbox
marie antoinette 's brother , joseph ii , holy roman emperor ( danny huston ) comes to visit , counseling her against her constant parties and associations ; advice that
joseph then meets louis xvi at the royal zoo and explains to him the `` mechanics '' of sexual intercourse in terms of `` key-making '' , as one of
that night , the king and marie antoinette have sex for the first time , and on december 18 , 1778 , marie antoinette gives birth to a daughter ,
as the baby princess grows up, marie antoinette spends much of her time at the petit trianon, a small chateau on the grounds of versailles.
it is also at this time that she begins an affair with axel von fersen (jamie dornan).
as france's financial crisis worsens, food shortages and riots become commonplace.
and now, we say goodbye.
from all of us at the wb, thank you."
the final image of the montage was wb 's former mascot michigan j. frog ( who was shown as a silhouette because he was retired as the network 's mascot
the wb aired its final night of programming on sunday , september 17 , 2006 with the night of favorites and farewells , a five-hour block of pilot episodes of
commercial breaks featured reairings of past image campaigns and network promotions , along with promo spots given to cable networks carrying these shows in off-network syndication and ads for each
the final 60-second montage that aired featured many of the network 's stars over the eleven-year run of the network , ending with the words `` for 11 years ,
we made you smile and tugged at your heart.
faces you'll always remember.
and now, we say goodbye.
from all of us at the wb, thank you."
the final image of the montage was wb 's former mascot michigan j. frog ( who was shown as a silhouette because he was retired as the network 's mascot
the wb aired its final night of programming on sunday , september 17 , 2006 with the night of favorites and farewells , a five-hour block of pilot episodes of
commercial breaks featured reairings of past image campaigns and network promotions , along with promo spots given to cable networks carrying these shows in off-network syndication and ads for each
the final 60-second montage that aired featured many of the network 's stars over the eleven-year run of the network , ending with the words `` for 11 years ,
we made you smile and tugged at your heart.
faces you'll always remember.
and now, we say goodbye.
from all of us at the wb, thank you."
the final image of the montage was wb 's former mascot michigan j. frog ( who was shown as a silhouette because he was retired as the network 's mascot
hey , i see that you're from planet earth.
i'm also from planet earth!
i have been working on the wikipedia article about planet earth from planet earth.
would you like to give me a hand?
--gaiagirl86 (talk) <includeonly></includeonly thank you for your unconditional niceness
< div style= '' margin-top : -2em ; background-color : # 040023 ; color : # e9e9f0 ; font-family : ' future ' , arial , sans serif ; ''
the earth is the third planet from the sun.
it is one of the fore terrestrial planets in our solar system.
this means most of its mass is solid.
the other three are mercury, mars, and venus.
the earth is also called the blue planet, planet earth, and terra.
the pelham city school district is a public school district in mitchell county, georgia, based in pelham, georgia.
it serves the city of pelham and the surrounding communities in mitchell county.
pelham is a city in mitchell county, georgia, in the united states.
the population was 4,126 at the 2000 census.
it was named for american civil war officer john pelham .
pelham is home to the pelham hornets .
pelham high school is a public high school located in pelham, _georgia|pelham, georgia , united states.
the school colors are blue, white, and gold.
the school mascot is the "hornet".
pelham high school is a public high school located in pelham,georgia, united states.
the school colors are blue, white, and gold.
the school mascot is the "hornet".
pelham high school is a public high school located in pelham,georgia, united states.
the school colors are blue, white, and gold.
the school mascot is the "hornet".
pelham city school district
the overarching goals of the are to:
the aforementioned study also found that low-income individuals who were enrolled in a quality preschool program earned on average , by age 40 , $ 5500 per year more than
furthermore , the study found that low-income people who were in preschool programs as a child are more likely to graduate from high school , own homes , and have
another study , the abecedarian project , shows that low-income children in quality preschool programs are less likely to repeat grades , need special education , or get into future
spelling reform proposals can be divided into two main groups: those that use the traditional english alphabet, and those that would extend or replace it.
the latter may involve adding letters and symbols from other alphabets or creating an entirely new one.
some reformers favor an immediate and total reform, while others would prefer a gradual change implemented in stages.
there are a number of reasons driving such reforms : easing the task of children or immigrants becoming literate , making the language more useful for international communication , making
according to asimov's novels, hari seldon devised the seldon plan using a mathematical analysis he originally developed and called psychohistory .
psychohistory is a fictional science which combines history , sociology , etc. , and mathematical statistics to make general predictions about the future behavior of very large groups of people
his analysis worked only for large numbers of persons , at least 50 billion , pursuing their idiosyncratic life interests , uninterested in shaping future history , and gave probable
using this technique, seldon deduced that it was certain the galactic empire was about to collapse, and usher in 30,000 years of barbarism.
inperson /4511/nelson_lichtenstein/ "twenty questions with nelson lichtenstein," in these times
canadian football retains the open-field kick as a legal play, allowing a kick to be taken from anywhere on the field.
the open-field kick may be used as a desperation last play by the offence : realizing they are unable to go the length of the field , they advance part
conversely , the defence , facing a last-second field goal attempt in a tie game or game they lead by one point , will often position its punter and place-kicker
if the field goal is missed, they can punt the ball back into the field of play and not concede a single.
he was then wilson professor of international politics , the first professor of international politics ( also known as international relations ) in the whole world , university college of
arab traders began frequenting the kenya coast around the 1st century ad.
the energy from this exothermic reaction is used to bind inorganic phosphates to adp and convert nad+ to nadh.
the two pyruvates are then broken down into two acetaldehyde and give off two co2 as a waste product (2).
the two acetaldehydes are then converted to two ethanol by using the h+ ions from nadh; converting nadh back into nad+ (3).
though the amendment abolished slavery throughout the united states , black codes and selective enforcement of statutes such as vagrancy laws continued to subject some black americans to involuntary labor
in contrast to the other reconstruction amendments , the thirteenth amendment was rarely cited in later case law , but has been used to strike down debt peonage and some
congress first responded to the black codes by passing an act extending the life of the freedman 's bureau and widening its powers so that it could nullify work agreements
the amendment also enables congress to pass laws against sex trafficking and other modern forms of slavery.
despite having superiority of numbers , mcclellan 's attacks failed to achieve force concentration , allowing lee to counter by shifting forces and moving interior lines to meet each challenge
at the end of the day, lee's line was ready to break, the last of stonewall jackson's troops reinforced the line.
mcclellan could have broken through with one more assault .
despite ample reserve forces that could have been deployed to exploit localized successes, mcclellan failed to destroy lee's army.
mcclellan had halted lee's invasion of maryland, but lee was able to withdraw his army back to virginia without interference from the cautious mcclellan.
although the battle was tactically inconclusive, the confederate troops had withdrawn first from the battlefield, making it, in military terms, a union victory .
the battle also showed the ineptitude of union commanders; mcclellan was replaced by ambrose e. burnside.
lincoln had trouble finding an adequate general for the army of the potomac, he finally settled on general grant .
it had significance as enough of a victory to give president abraham lincoln the confidence to announce his emancipation proclamation , which discouraged the british and french governments from potential
john bapst memorial high school is a private, independent, college preparatory high school in bangor, maine, united states.
it serves approximately 450 ninth through twelfth grade students from 50 different communities in the region.
the majority of students who attend john bapst memorial high school come from the towns of orrington , glenburn , veazie , dedham , school administrative district 63 ( which
although she only had some school stage experience , including the lead in the play claudia on the ou campus , gene had managed to make a substantial impression with
mary pickford wanted gene to sign on at $125 a week, a considerable amount more than the industry usual of $50 a week for new recruits.
paramount came back with an even more profitable invitation and gene decided to accept.
but another encounter would steer her away from the generous paramount offer.
the friend of gene 's mother was also an acquaintance of the alluring silent film star , rubye de remer , which gave gene the opportunity to meet rubye and
on gene's behalf, rubye in turn piqued the interest of director clarence brown.
it was early 1945 when mgm and clarence brown first embarked on a nationwide casting search for some fresh talent for the yearling and now months later , clarence believed
so rubye contacted gene the day after the paramount offer was made and persuaded her to meet with clarence at mgm that day.
despite the fact that mgm newcomer , jacqueline white , was actually selected and had filmed some scenes that summer , clarence was still not convinced that she was the
as a result, gene was called back three times to test for the role and eagerly awaited to hear from the studio each time.
this experience earned her a $250 a week, long-term mgm contract which she signed as herself, gene roberts.
ultimately, gene's youthfulness was the deciding factor that prevented mgm from assigning her this lead role.
when production resumed in mid-september 1945 , clarence had chosen 28-year-old jane wyman , who was on loan from warner brothers , to portray a more mature-looking character with co-star
the yearling was released in may 1947 and went on to win multiple academy awards and nominations, including a best actress nomination for jane wyman.
gene remained under contract with mgm for nearly two years and found that there were very few roles for young women her age at that time.
it wasn't until late october 1946 and over a year since gene first signed on, that she was cast in a small supporting role.
this role placed gene into the last of ann southern 's film series , the final episode entitled undercover maisie which was released in may 1947. next , she was
with production completed in early february 1947 and mgm showing no serious interest in her by that spring, gene asked for and was granted release from her contract.
she then signed once more as herself, gene roberts, with 20th century-fox film corporation but was overlooked by the studio there as well.
an ipa transcription has been added, but it appears to be for a pronunciation that isn't frequently used.
l234kkk1 (talk) 01:26, 2 february 2014 (utc)
an ipa transcription has been added, but it appears to be for a pronunciation that isn't frequently used.
l234kkk1 (talk) 01: 31 , 2 february 2014 (utc)
a constitution is a set of fundamental principles or established precedents according to which a state or other organization is governed.
when these principles are written down into a single document or set of legal documents , those documents may be said to embody a written constitution ; if they are
: an ipa transcription has been added, but it appears to be for a pronunciation that isn't frequently used.
l234kkk1 (talk) 01:31, 2 february 2014 (utc)
casper , as with most of the rest of wyoming , has a semi-arid climate ( kppen climate classification bsk ) , with long , cold , but dry winters
highs range from in january to in july and august.
temperatures typically plummet during summer nights, with an average diurnal temperature variation approaching .
snow can fall heavily during the winter months, being the greatest in april, and usually falls in may and october, but rarely september.
precipitation is greatest in spring and early summer, but even then it is not high.
highs reach on 31 days per year and fail to surpass freezing on 46. lows drop to on 18 nights per winter.
since the discovery of crude oil in the region during the 1890s, casper became the regional petroleum industry center.
oil has figured prominently in its history from nearly the outset .
oil was first discovered in the famous salt creek oil field in 1889 , approximately north of casper ; the first refinery in casper was built in 1895. the city
as recently as the early 1980s, the city was near or home to three refineries.
the surviving one, operated by sinclair oil corporation, is located nearby in evansville, wyoming.
3. tarkowski, a.k.
(1966) an air-drying method for chromosome preparations from mouse eggs.
cytogenetics 5, 394-400.
in 1950 andrzej tarkowski was admitted to study at the faculty of biology and earth sciences (currently: faculty of biology) university of warsaw.
he graduated in 1955 with m.sc.
degree.
his ph.d. was received in 1959, and in 1963 he reached a d.sc.
degree at the faculty of biology, university of warsaw.
in 1972 he was appointed professor.
he eventually received full professorship in 1978. from 1964 until his retirement in 2003 he was the head of the department of embryology , and during two periods ( 1972-1981
professor tarkowski contributed to international science during his whole proffesional life.
he has collaborated with many research centers around the world .
he was a fellow of the rockefeller foundation in the department of zoology , university college of north wales ( uk ) , and served as a visiting professor of
professor tarkowski contributed to international science during his whole professional life.
he has collaborated with many research centers around the world.
he was a fellow of the rockefeller foundation in the department of zoology , university college of north wales ( uk ) , and served as a visiting professor of
andrzej tarkowski is also a member of the polish academy of sciences , the polish academy of arts and sciences , the french academy of sciences , the american academy
in 1997-2004 he was also a member of the advisory board of the foundation for polish science.
what characterises proffesor tarkowski is his passion for teaching.
boys are allowed to wander and explore whereas girls are expected to stay close to home.
for adolescent males, wrestling, fighting, and smoking are typical behaviors .
these same behaviors are unacceptable for adolescent females.
adolescent females by custom are closely chaperoned and stay near to home.
when going out at night, a girl will go in a group with her friends or family.
sexual promiscuity is unacceptable for both boys and girls, but girls receive greater shame than boys do for engaging in sexual behavior before marriage .
policies to promote equality for women in tonga are necessary to resolve gender equality issues in tonga, and the government recognizes this on many fronts.
there is a governmental ministry position to address womens issues.
the office of women in the ministry of education, womens affairs and culture is given the responsibility to uphold the interests of tongan women.
some of the activities this ministry position oversees is cultural development, especially in teaching women traditional handicrafts like making tapa mats.
this ministry position is critical to promote gender equality, but is unfunded so progress is limited .
one of the most important responsibilities of this ministry position is to enforce the gender and development policy that was passed in 2001. the national policy on gender and development
in examining the legal framework of tonga, there is need for policy changes to improve gender equality issues.
one policy that would advance womens equality would be maternity laws.
currently, women who are pregnant have to use their vacation and sick time because maternity leave isnt given as a legal right .
a policy granting maternity leave could make it easier for mothers to stay in the workforce if they so choose , but as things stand now , being pregnant and
another policy that could promote a womans ability to work would be affirmative action laws so that women in general have equal access to jobs .
this is particularly important for women who are pregnant because they are more likely to be discriminated against when looking for employment.
gender equality in tonga
bold indicates winner. "
" indicates host.
wxoj-lp ( 103.3 fm , `` valley free radio '' ) is a non-profit , independent community radio station licensed to serve northampton , massachusetts as well as the central
the station is owned by foundation for media education inc. it airs a public radio format on its fm radio frequency , as well as through a live streaming service
wxoj is known as the original and home broadcast station of the nationally syndicated radio and television program the david pakman show ( originally midweek politics with david pakman )
the station also hosts locally-produced programming in-house at its main studios in the village of florence , massachusetts , such as the enviro show , occupy the airwaves , farm
vfr airs other local and national content from the pacifica radio network.
valley free radio is primarily volunteer-run and provides free training in live programming , broadcast equipment technology , digital audio production and editing , and web design and social media
the station has also entered into a multimedia production agreement with northampton community television , to provide resources and equipment for individuals seeking to create media content for multiple platforms
the station was assigned the `` wxoj-lp `` call letters by the federal communications commission on may 11 , 2004. the station was launched with assistance from the philadelphia-based prometheus
the song peaked at number one on the billboard hot dance club play chart for one week.
the single did not crossover to the pop chart, but did peak at number thirty-four on the hot r&b/hip-hop songs chart.
a sample of vikki love saying `` ooh ... '' in the song would later be used on the album version of nu shooz ' `` i ca n't wait
the wrong man is a 1956 film noir by alfred hitchcock which stars henry fonda and vera miles.
file:capela dos ossos (faro).jpg| bone chapel (capela dos ossos)
the planned city of raa , on the tributary krapanski potok of the river in the inner part of the raka inlet , was constructed in 19361937 as arsia on
the village of barban is the other major settlement near the river.
the summit can be reached as an easy hike or as a mountain-bike tour from ribeira do freixo .
tremuzo is a summit in the mountain range that limits the galician ria ra de muros y noia to the north and the highest elevation in the municipality of outes
file:capela dos ossos (faro).jpg|bone chapel ( capela dos ossos )
the capela dos ossos is an ossuary in faro, portugal, which belongs to the 18th century carmelite church nossa senhora do carmo.
category: valleys of the alps
monte altissimo di nago, 2,079 m
the most distinctive and best-known peak in the steinernes meer is the schnfeldspitze ( 2,653 m ) on the southern edge on the pinzgau side , whose summit pyramid is
the far less well known selbhorn (2,655 m) is slightly higher than the schnfeldspitze and is the highest peak in the range.
the practitioner has no recollection of the possession and in fact when the possessing spirit leaves the body , the possessed one is tired and wonders what has happened during
not all practitioners have the ability to become possessed , but practitioners who do generally prefer not to make excessive use of it because it drains immense energy from them
it is said that only the loa can choose who it wants to possess, for the spirit may have a mission that it can carry out spiritually.
it is believed that those possessed by the loa probably are at a very high spiritual level such that their soul is mature and at an advanced level mediumship.
the practitioner has no recollection of the possession and in fact when the possessing spirit leaves the body , the possessed one is tired and wonders what has happened during
not all practitioners have the ability to become possessed , but practitioners who do generally prefer not to make excessive use of it because it drains immense energy from them
it is said that only the loa can choose who it wants to possess, for the spirit may have a mission that it can carry out spiritually.
it is believed that those possessed by the loa probably are at a very high spiritual level such that their soul is mature and at an advanced level.
mediumship
latah from southeast asia is a condition where a person experiences a shock which results in abnormal behaviors.
thumbnail|sarang imdad
sarang by cast massan is famous name sarang imdad .
he is short stories writer and columnist.
living in karachi, but belong to larkana and his village name gabbar massan.
sarang wrote many stories and articles in fortnightly ibrat magazine, weekly sindh manzar, daily kawish and some other local magazines/newspapers(sindhi).
he is working as computer operator at peacock printers karachi, he have composed 100 above books, shah jo risalo and amar jaleel's book include.
sarang by cast massan is famous name sarang imdad.
he is short stories writer and columnist.
living in karachi, but belong to larkana and his village name gabbar massan.
sarang wrote many stories and articles in fortnightly ibrat magazine, weekly sindh manzar, daily kawish and some other local magazines/newspapers(sindhi).
elena jane "ellie" goulding (born 30 december 1986) ellie is an english singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.
in 2010 , ellie became the second artist to both top the bbc 's annual sound of ... poll and win the critics ' choice award at the brit awards
goulding released her debut studio album , lights , in 2010. the album debuted at number one on the uk albums chart and has sold over 850,000 copies in the
ellie 's cover of elton john 's `` your song '' reached number one in the uk in december 2010 , and on 29 april 2011 ellie performed the song
the album 's title track , `` lights '' , was released in the us in march 2011 , and reached its peak position of number one on the billboard
the single, which lasted over a year on the billboard hot 100, was also certified triple platinum by the recording industry association of america (riaa).
goulding's second album halcyon was released in october 2012 to generally positive reviews from critics.
`` anything could happen '' preceded the album as the lead single , reaching the top five in the uk as well as the top forty in belgium , ireland
ellies album halcyon debuted at number two on the uk albums chart , and number nine on the billboard 200 chart , her first top 10 debut in the united
he made his debut on 13 september in a 2-2 away draw against arsenal; he received a yellow card and was substituted at half time for samir nasri.
he scored his first goal for the club on 21 september with a volley from inside the box , after only being on the field for seven minutes as a
this ended chelsea's perfect winning streak in the season, but it was a goal which he did not celebrate and described as a very emotional day.
in lampard 's first league cup match for city three days later , he scored the first and last goals as the side defeated sheffield wednesday 7–0 at home in
on 27 september , lampard came on in the 71st minute , only to score another goal to make it 4 goals in 4 matches and his 4th just that
he made his first champions league appearance on the 30th of september in machester city 's indecisive 1-1 draw with roma , where he also able to re-unite with former
he made his debut on 13 september in a 2-2 away draw against arsenal; he received a yellow card and was substituted at half time for samir nasri.
he scored his first goal for the club on 21 september with a volley from inside the box , after only being on the field for seven minutes as a
this ended chelsea's perfect winning streak in the season, but it was a goal which he did not celebrate and described as a very emotional day.
in lampard 's first league cup match for city three days later , he scored the first and last goals as the side defeated sheffield wednesday 7–0 at home in
on 27 september , lampard came on in the 71st minute , only to score another goal to make it 4 goals in 4 matches and his 4th just that
he made his first champions league appearance on the 30th of september in machester city 's indecisive 1-1 draw with roma , where he also able to re-unite with former
!
4 !!2!!0!!0!!1!!2!!1!!0!!0!!0!!
6 !
!4
!
590 !!174!!71!!28!!51!!23!!128!!29!!10!!1!!
850 !
after her appointment as secretary of state, clinton wanted to hire blumenthal.
however , it was reported that white house chief of staff rahm emanuel blocked his selection due to lingering anger among president barack obama 's aides over blumenthal 's role
according to a report in the new york times, "emanuel talked with mrs. clinton.. and explained that bringing mr. blumenthal on board was a no-go.
the bad blood among his colleagues was too deep, and the last thing the administration needed, he concluded, was dissension and drama in the ranks.
in short, mr. blumenthal was out."
more recently , domenech was involved in a journalism scandal that resulted in the removal of his work from the washington examiner and the huffington post when it was found
according to a report that appeared in buzzfeed : `` a range of mainstream american publications printed paid propaganda for the government of malaysia , much of it focused on
the payments to conservative american opinion writers whose work appeared in outlets from the huffington post and san francisco examiner to the washington times to national review and redstate emerged
that same day washington post online editor jim brady announced domenech's resignation.
brady wrote in a blog post : in the past 24 hours , we learned of allegations that ben domenech plagiarized material that appeared under his byline ... plagiarism is
washingtonpost.com will do everything in its power to verify that its news and opinion content is sourced completely and accurately at all times."
sean hannity (born december 30, 1961) is a prominent american television host, author, and conservative political commentator.
he is best known as the host of the sean hannity show, a nationally syndicated talk radio show that airs throughout the united states on premiere radio networks.
hannity also hosts a cable news show, hannity, on fox news channel.
among the earliest examples of berri 's corruption early in his tenure as speaker of parliament was a coastal motorway in southern lebanon which was overpriced by three digit million
nabih berri (; born 28 january 1938) is the speaker of the parliament of lebanon.
he heads the shi'a amal movement.
a former warlord, berri is widely regarded as one of the most corrupt politicians in lebanon .
yeah , i 'm just hoping my case could be picked up by someone who edits and oversees wikipedia for fun , rather than use it as the only outlet
many facilities for academics, research and residency are available here.
graduates from this college have earned accolades in the medical sector in bangladesh as well as abroad.
a good number of past students from this institution already completed their post-graduate degrees in various fields.
for example, (fazle rabbi chowdhury) of the eighth batch (200809) recently received the award for commonwealth scholar in medicine.
he was also elected as honorary reviewer of the british medical journal group.
the college has numerous departments in which medical sciences are taught .
the departments are as follows :
department of anatomy
department of physiology
known as the 500 bed hospital before , khulna medical college ( kmc ) was established in 1989. in its early days , starting only with a few students and
pgt trainings were also given at the in the college.
the college is affiliated to the bangladesh college of physicians and surgeons that offers post graduate courses.
many facilities for academics, research and residency are available here.
graduates from this college have earned accolades in the medical sector in bangladesh as well as abroad.
a good number of past students from this institution already completed their post-graduate degrees in various fields.
for example, fazle rabbi chowdhury of the eighth batch (200809) recently received the award for commonwealth scholar in medicine.
he was also elected as honorary reviewer of the british medical journal group.
the society was started by a group of people including edwin meese, robert bork, theodore olson, david m. mcintosh, and steven calabresi .
its membership have since included supreme court justices antonin scalia, john g. roberts, clarence thomas and samuel alito.
skinny lister is a british six piece folk band , based in london.
started in 2009, the band were a five piece until october 2013 when the added a drummer.
they are signed to sunday best recordings in uk, side one dummy records in usa.
and uncle owen records in japan.
skinny lister is a british six piece folk band, based in london.
started in 2009, the band were a five piece until october 2013 when they added a drummer.
they are signed to sunday best recordings in uk, side one dummy records in usa.
and uncle owen records in japan.
they are managed by paul carey of the music management and are signed to an investment deal with imperial music.
the band name is taken from the nickname of a someone dan heptinstall was at school with .
in 2013 , skinny lister started the year with a tour of germany in january and then immediately flew to the usa to join flogging molly on the first half
the band will also be appearing at sxsw 2013 and played coachella as well as a number of other major festivals internationally in summer 2013.
holly cook: plays penny whistle on the forge and flagon album, and occasionally guests with the band on stage.
the skinny sisters
skinny lister's second album was recorded at rockfield studios in december 2013 and is expected to be released in spring or early summer 2014.
the colegrave arms pub, now converted to cann hall mosque
the area has become a built-up part of north-east london, consisting largely of late victorian and early 20th century terraced housing.
uses of the wireframe model
to viewing the model from any desired point - this can be obtained by changing line of sight.
to produce standard orthographic and auxiliary views .
( orthographic views are created by changing the line of sight so that it is perpendicular to the front , top and profile faces of the model for creating the
after the orthographic views are created , they must be edited to remove extraneous lines and to add hidden and centre lines so the drawing conforms with the standards .
to create exploded and perspective views more easily.
to decrease the number of prototypes required.
to edit the model .
some cad systems can automatically remove hidden lines using a command called hide.
the earth is the third planet from the sun.
it is one of the four terrestrial planets in our solar system.
this means most of its mass is solid.
the other three are mercury, mars, and venus.
the earth is also called the blue planet, planet earth, and terra.
earth is the only planet in the galaxy which is known to support life .
even small websites are vulnerable to attacks, specifically because their security protection is presumed to be low.
in targets case, the third party mechanical company had inadequate security software which left them open to a malware attack.
in a study by orgill et.
al , an observation is made that it is important that each person responsible for computer security ask if their system is vulnerable to attacks by social engineers , and
using strong passwords is one simple and easy method that assists in such mitigation , as is using reliable and effective anti-virus software.
in a study by orgill et.
al , an observation is made that it is important that each person responsible for computer security ask if their system is vulnerable to attacks by social engineers , and
using strong passwords is one simple and easy method that assists in such mitigation , as is using reliable and effective anti-virus software.
other preventative measures include using different logins for services used , frequently monitoring accounts and personal data , as well as being alert to the difference between a request for
although the practice involves exercising control over human behaviour rather than computers , the term 'social hacking ' is also used in reference to online behaviour and increasingly , social
the technique can be used in multiple ways that affect public perception and conversely, increase public awareness of social hacking activity.
however, while awareness helps reduce the volume of hacks being carried out, technology has allowed for attack tools to become more sophisticated.
the internet affords social hackers the ability to populate content spaces without detection of suspicious behaviour.
social hacking can also occur in environments where user-generated content is prevalent.
this includes the opportunity to influence opinion polls and even to skew data beyond a point of validity.
social hacking can also be used to provide favourable reviews e.g.
on product websites.
it can also be used to counter negative feedback with an influx of positive responses e.g.
on blog or news article comment sections.
!
style="width: 160px ;"|character
!
style="width: 150px ;"|actor
!
style="width: 160px ;"|character
!
style="width: 150px ;"|actor
re-appearances : dani harmer as tracy beaker , jessie williams as lily kettle , richard whisker as liam o'donovan
maestia - fantasy mmorpg
f.e.a.r .
online - horror fps
echo of soul is a free-to-play fantasy mmorpg.
players take control of adventurers, called soulkeepers, who are tasked by the gods of the world to combat evil.
players have the unique ability to collect souls from the monsters they kill, which they can then use to customize their character.
echo of soul is a free-to-play fantasy mmorpg.
players take control of adventurers, called soulkeepers, who are tasked by the gods of the world to combat evil.
players have the unique ability to collect souls from the monsters they kill, which they can then use to customize their character.
aeria games, formerly known as aeria games and entertainment, is an online game publisher.
the corporate headquarters is based in berlin, germany
aeria games, formerly known as aeria games and entertainment, is an online game publisher.
andrew bain (horn player), principal horn player of the los angeles philharmonic, horn instructor at the colburn school in los, angeles ,ca .
during his studies in germany and his career in australia, andrew bain played on a gebr.
alexander 103. while auditioning in the united states, however, he switched to an atkinson geyer ag2000.
andrew bain (horn player )
-- articles written --
== articles written ==
this assumption about age-stratified variation is also known as the apparent-time hypothesis.
the apparent-time hypothesis is a sociolinguistic construct, which assumes that an individuals speech remains stable throughout his lifetime once that individual is past adolescence.
therefore, a speakers speech is a reflection of speech patterns acquired during language learning as a child.
the apparent-time hypothesis can be considered to be a form of synchronic analysis , where language is analyzed for a particular moment in time , in contrast to diachronic analysis
this assumption about age-stratified variation is also known as the apparent-time hypothesis.
the apparent- time hypothesis is a sociolinguistic construct, which assumes that an individuals speech remains stable throughout his lifetime once that individual is past adolescence.
therefore, a speakers speech is a reflection of speech patterns acquired during language learning as a child.
the apparent-time hypothesis can be considered to be a form of synchronic analysis , where language is analyzed for a particular moment in time , in contrast to diachronic analysis
this assumption about age-stratified variation is also known as the apparent-time hypothesis.
the apparent -time hypothesis is a sociolinguistic construct, which assumes that an individuals speech remains stable throughout his lifetime once that individual is past adolescence.
therefore, a speakers speech is a reflection of speech patterns acquired during language learning as a child.
the apparent-time hypothesis can be considered to be a form of synchronic analysis , where language is analyzed for a particular moment in time , in contrast to diachronic analysis
this assumption about age-stratified variation is also known as the apparent-time hypothesis.
merits of using the apparent-time hypothesis
merits of the apparent-time hypothesis
therefore, a speakers speech is a reflection of speech patterns acquired during language learning as a child.
the apparent-time hypothesis can be considered to be a form of synchronic analysis , where language is analyzed for a particular moment in time , in contrast to diachronic analysis
the apparent - time hypothesis allows sociolinguists the convenience of gathering data at one point in time or analyzing past data from historical linguistic studies that can not be replicated
for real-time sociolinguistics , the same participants of the study must be recruited and tested at later times to validate the data, a difficult method to implement.
the moors speak a modified form of the tamil language influenced by arabic.
the dialect of the moors are strongly influenced by arabic and when comparing with a speech of a tamil , one can easily identify the difference.however since there is not
it is to be noted that there are certain words and phrases that are different from the original tamil language especially moors living in the central , western , and
tamil is the medium of instruction in almost all islamic religious schools.
arabic is important part of their life as original sources of islam are in arabic.
!
tamil speaking pop.
the sinhala language is spoken by the sinhalese people, who constitute approximately 74% of the national population and total about 13 million.
it utilizes the sinhala abugida script, which is derived from the ancient brahmi script.
the rodiya language, a dialect of sinhala, is spoken by the low-caste community of rodiyas.
the veddah peoples, totaling barely 2500, speak a distinct language, possibly a creolized form of an earlier indigenous language.
the tamil language is spoken by sri lankan tamils , as well as by tamil migrants from the neighboring indian state of tamil nadu and by most sri lankan moors
tamil speakers number around 4.
7 million.
this exhibition turns the spotlight on the quiet genius of a much-loved jazz trumpeter and composer, kenny wheeler .
tracing wheelers varied career via seven milestone albums , the exhibition draws on many previously unseen items from his musical archive acquired by the academy in 2012. handwritten sketches and
the displays are also enriched by unprecedented access to wheelers personal memorabilia and recordings of recent interviews with him.
this exhibition is complemented by an exclusive video featuring behind the scenes footage of his latest big band recording session , and new interviews with singer norma winstone , saxophonist
other collections include the foyle menuhin archive ( letters , music , photographs , artworks and more collected by yehudi menuhin over his lifetime ) , jenny lind ( 18201887
ygerbuchen attended the prestigious imperial academy of music in 1924 in vienna for one year.
it was here that professor livingston helped advance his career.
ygerbuchen perfected his art in vienna with his assistant, alfred grnfeld.
in 1925, at the age of 18, he performed his first concert in bregenz, lake constance.
he exhibited his talent chaining works of his own directory like kabylia rapsodie n. 9 and arabic rapsodie n. 7. the culmination of his early years of work resulted in
it is however possible that star wars 1313 will resume development outside the now closed lucasarts, considering its development status.
although rufus wainwright 's version of the song `` hallelujah '' appeared in the soundtrack album , it was john cale 's version that appeared in the film ; in
an alternate explanation posits that because wainwright was an artist for dreamworks and john cale was not , thus licensing issues prohibited cale 's version from appearing in the soundtrack
evil emperor zurg is a space villain action figure and buzz lightyear's archenemy.
he has red evil eyes with neon gritting teeth , silver horns on his head , a purple tunic with a black cape on it and his weapon , a
in some cases, he does not have a gun but a hand like the one on his other arm.
in the first film, zurg is a referenced character, and does not appear at all.
however , zurg is first seen in the opening sequence of the second film when buzz is trying to take his main power away from him ( zurg 's main
in the ensuing battle, zurg vaporizes the top half of buzz lightyear's body with his gun.
the sequence then cuts showing that the opening sequence was actually a video game played by rex.
as the story progresses , a zurg toy in al 's toy barn bursts out from its box and follows andy 's buzz lightyear , who is on the way
zurg is deluded, similar to andy's buzz in the first film.
in the second film , another copy of buzz lightyear , who also acts similar to buzz in the first film , escapes from al 's toy barn and battles
in a reference to the relationship of luke skywalker and darth vader , the principal hero and villain respectively of the original star wars trilogy , evil emperor zurg claims
as zurg attempts to finish off buzz # 2 ( at point-blank range ) , rex accidentally hits zurg with his large tail , sending him falling down the elevator
the second buzz then looks over the shaft and reaches his hand out , thinking he has lost his father , while rex is excited that he has finally managed
near the end of the film, zurg is seen to have survived his fall with a bent horn and is now playing catch with the buzz copy.
he supposedly bumped his head so hard so as he forgot he was buzz lightyear's worst enemy.
the second buzz lightyear then says, "oh, you're a great dad!"
often, a leader who is not actively studying the material will direct group activities.
some colleges actively set up study group programs for students to sign up.
typical college level academic groups include 5-20 students and an administrator or tutor drawn from the graduate program or an upperclassman .
professional groups are often smaller.
edward , who is now in remission , visits him and they share a few moments , wherein carter reveals with great amusement how the kopi luwak , which edward
carter crosses off "laugh till i cry" from his bucket list and insists edward finish the list without him.
carter goes into surgery, but the procedure is unsuccessful and he dies on the operating table.
as carter dies and the news is given to his wife and family, edward finally attempts to reconcile with his daughter.
she accepts him back into her life and introduces him to the granddaughter he never knew he had.
after greeting the little girl with a kiss on the cheek, edward crosses "kiss the most beautiful girl in the world" off the list.
edward delivers a eulogy at the funeral , explaining that he and carter had been complete strangers , but the last three months of carter 's life were the best
he crosses off "help a complete stranger for the good" from the list.
he is the male lead character in the series and the first guardian to meet tamaki.
he at first does not accept her, and shows a cold attitude towards her.
he later finds out they are to be classmates.
although he is annoyed with tamaki at first, he grows to accept her, and even falls in love with her.
takuma has powerful strength , and finds out he is the descendant of the oni , whose power is very hard to control , especially when near the sealed magical
at times, the power inside of him starts to take over, but he becomes himelf again when tamaki is with him.
his hobby is doing crosswords and he likes eating taiyaki.
after depart of leo franco, aykut eretin became the main goalkeeper and ufuk became the 2nd goalkeeper.
after inconfident performances by aykut, ufuk became the main goalkeeper.
his first matches were against bursaspor and karpaty lviv but ufuk couldn't save his team from conceding 3 goals and being eliminated from europa league.
on 5 september 2011, after days of negotiation, bursaspor finally agreed on a price with galatasaray for sercan.
he agreed on a five-year deal (until the 2015-2016 season) with turkish club.
the club paid a 3 million + musa aran to bursaspor he gave an assist to johan elmander with his backheel on 9 september 2011 in a game between galatasaray
due to the injuries of both main strikers umut bulut and johan elmander.
he started the new season in the sper lig with a goal in a 3-0 home win against the newcomers akhisar belediyespor.
shiny 's color differs from the pteranodon members of her immediate family as she is aqua green , while the other pteranodons are a grass or leaf green , although
she enjoys collecting shells and other shiny objects.
she seems to hold gilbert in high regard .
@ filmandtvfan28 hello , this is charliebrown25 , i think we should compromise about the final sentence with shiny , i feel like we should use something a bit stronger
but in case you did n't notice , i put a `` citation needed '' mark after the sentence about the crush , are you absolutely certain that that is
because i've always viewed the "citation needed" mark as a way to list something that's reasonable but not proven.
what would be the point of having the mark otherwise?
( and by the way , i saw that in an entry in the history that said you were vandalising peep and the big wide world , i must have
but look , i did n't do it behind your backs , i just did n't get any responses on the talk page , so i figured putting the crush
there's a rule that says your allowed to do that after twenty-four hours.
was i supposed to say: "hey tvfan, i changed it back, is that okay?"
you're not an admin, i don't need to notify you.
i listened to everyone on that page, and respected their opinions (even yours).
and i'm not taking mz7 for granted, we had an entire discussion about it without you, you can ask him.
and according to your above sections , you 're in an edit war too , on the never cry wolf ( film ) page , which is the same thing
why should anyone trust you if you're putting things behind their backs.
i am very new to wikipedia, and i think you're being unfair.
if you were really a forgiving person, you'd help me learn how things work like mz7 has.
it's nice to know who your friends are here, and you certainly haven't been one.
21 april 1967: the last official duel in the history of france happened between gaston defferre and ren ribire, both delegates at the french national assembly.
during an argument in the assembly room, defferre sayed to ribire "shut up, idiot" ("taisez-vous, abruti" ).
defferre won the duel after four minutes of sword fighting, wounding his opponent twice.
defending champion eliminated in the first round (1950 and 2010), (1966), (2002 ), (2014 )
best finish by defending champion champion : (1938), (1962)
worst finish by defending champion did not participate, (1934)
most matches played always conceding a goal 7 ,
modern saddles also use two additional positions, called "seven-eighths" (written 7/8) and "three-quarter" (written 3/4).
3/4 rigging is located three-quarters of the way from the cantle to the fork; thus halfway between center fire and full positions.
7/8 rigging is 7/8 of the way from the cantle to the fork; or halfway between 3/4 and full.
three way rigging
equine related articles from saddleonline .com
three-way and three-way open rigging combines the full, 7/8 and 3/ 4 in one piece of hardware.
full would be tied on to only the front ring.
7/8ths would be attached to both the front and the back ring and the 3/ 4 would be attached to only the back ring.
the open three way is exactly the same it was made to make it easier to make adjustments to change the rigging on the fly.
three-way and three-way open rigging combines the full, 7/8 and 3/ 4 in one piece of hardware.
full would be tied on to only the front ring.
7/8ths would be attached to both the front and the back ring and the 3/ 4 would be attached to only the back ring.
the open three way is exactly the same it was made to make it easier to make adjustments to change the rigging on the fly.
article on different styles of western saddle rigging from saddleonline
three-way and three-way open rigging combines the full, 7/8 and 3/ 4 in one piece of hardware.
full would be tied on to only the front ring.
7/8ths would be attached to both the front and the back ring and the 3/ 4 would be attached to only the back ring.
the open three way is exactly the same it was made to make it easier to make adjustments to change the rigging on the fly.
this is a wikipedia user page.
pick
i am an undergraduate student at utah state university and mainly keep track of the football pages over there.
i am studying computer science , and have created some epic python scripts to do wikiformatting!
the scotsman
the hurd
big blue
" hail the utah aggies"
the scotsman
the hurd
logo= file:amblogo.png |
category:utah state aggies
category: college marching bands in the united states
=== dr. thomas rohrer (xxxx-2012) ===
=== dr. joseph falvey (2013-present) ===
the aggie marching band is the marching band for the utah state university aggies .
the band plays at most aggie home football games .
directors and history
wyoming : bridgers battle
logo=file: usu bands logo .png|
tibetan astrology is a traditional discipline of the tibetan peoples that has dialogued with both chinese astrology and indian astrology.
tibetan astrology is one of the 'ten sciences ' ( wylie : rig-pa ' i gnas bcu ; sanskrit : daavidy ) in the enumeration honoured by this cultural tradition
note: the start date of losar depends on what time zone one is in.
for example, in 2005, losar started on february 8 in u.s. time zones and february 9 in asia time zones.
some people began celebrating losar on february 9 in the us .
the tibetan new year is based on a fluctuating point that marks the new moon that is nearest to the beginning of february.
it is important to note that, despite their apparent similarities, the start of the tibetan and chinese new years can sometimes differ by a whole month .
sobb story is the second single from leaders of the new school 's debut album a future without a past , where it followed up at # 8 at hop
it boasts samples from a hugo montenegro recording, aces high.
tideswell is a village and civil parish in the peak district of derbyshire, in england.
it lies east of buxton on the b6049 , in a wide dry valley on a limestone plateau , at an altitude of above sea level , and is within
principal casey jones states that the goal of our school is for every graduate to be an authentic learner , gain the analytic and social skills needed to excel in
to be eligible to become a full time student at innovation diploma plus high school, every incoming student must follow these procedures.
first, an interview with their parent or guardian.
next , students must be at least of sixteen years of age and have attended another new york city department of education high school for at least one year and
most important part is that he or she is willing and committed to return to a full-time high school.
to be eligible to become a full time student at innovation diploma plus high school, every incoming student must follow these procedures.
first, an interview with their parent or guardian.
next , students must be at least of sixteen years of age and have attended another new york city department of education high school for at least one year and
the bounty effect (2013) isbn 978-0977461776
the culture of collaboration(2007) isbn 0-9774617-0-x
her stay in the caribbean began in jamaica , where she went to live several months in the remote maroon village of accompong , deep in the mountains of cockpit
(she later wrote a book, journey to accompong, describing her experiences there.)
then she traveled on to martinique and to trinidad and tobago for short stays , primarily to do an investigation of shango , the african god who remained an important
yongxing middle school fuyang yongxing middle school has 42 classes, more than 2400 students and 160 teachers.
the school ncludes various courses, especially for the subject of english.
students have 6 classes every week as well as morning and evenning english reading time.
every wednesday afternoon, there are more than 70 clubs foe students to participate to expand their outlook.
every year the school has summer camp and winter camp which provide students with opportunities to study aboard.
themes in corbel carving
== general introduction ==
== corbel carving ==
these are sometimes called `` juice '' committees , because membership in these committees often aids the campaign fundraising efforts of the committee members , because powerful lobbying groups want
the most sought-after legislative committee appointments are to banking, agriculture and insurance.
these are sometimes called `` juice '' committees , because membership in these committees often aids the campaign fundraising efforts of the committee members , because powerful lobbying groups want
steve chaney (deceased)
two hosts died during hsn's history.
steve chaney died of a brain tumor, while ed purser died of a heart attack.
bruce singer
keri maletto (culinary product expert) www.kerimaletto.com
kildee was born in 1958 in flint, michigan.
he attended flint northern high school and central michigan university.
in 2008, he finished his course work at cmu earning a b.s.
in community development administration.
he took courses in philosophy and community administration.
villaraigosa sought to gain control of the los angeles unified school district (lausd) as one of his top priorities as mayor, but failed.
villaraigosa sought to gain control of the los angeles unified school district (lausd) as one of his top priorities as mayor, but failed.
villaraigosa traveled to israel in june 2008 to meet with experts in homeland security, counter-terrorism, and green technology.
he also signed an agreement with the international institute for counter-terrorism (ict - part the interdisciplinary center in herzliya) on behalf of the la police department.
under the agreement, the ict will train us homeland security officials.
in recent years, he developed a relationship with the mayor of the israeli city of sderot, eli moyal, and met with him during the visit.
the days turn into weeks and weeks into months .
still there is no news of ajay .
ajay never came back to bhavna.
bhavna manages to procure ajay's father's address and goes in search of ajay .
bhavna is astonished to see that ajay has married another woman as per his father's wishes.
dejected bhanva confides her sorrows to shobha , her best friend .
but this was not the end of her struggles in life.
ek phool do mali is a 1969 indian bollywood film directed by devendra goel.
the film took the third top spot at the box office in 1969. balraj sahni earned a filmfare nomination as best supporting actor.
the story was written by mushtaq jalili .
miss kumari , whose real name was thresiamma , was born on 1 june 1932 , to thomas and eliyamma , at bharananganam in kottayam district , in the kerala
she had her primary education from bharanganam sacred hearts high school ,a school for girls run by franciscan clarist sisters .
after studies she worked as a teacher in the same school.
chand aur suraj is a 1965 hindi movie produced by ganga chitra and directed by dulal guha.
the film stars dharmendra, ashok kumar, nirupa roy, tanuja and asit sen. the film's music is by salil choudhury.
a famous song of this movie is `` baug mein kali khili `` sung by asha bhosle .salil chowdhari adopted the same tune in a song in the national award
chand aur suraj is a 1965 hindi movie produced by ganga chitra and directed by dulal guha.
the film stars dharmendra , ashok kumar , nirupa roy , tanuja and asit sen. the film 's music is by salil choudhury.a famous song of this movie is ``
from the mid seventies, waheeda's career as lead heroine ended and her career as character actor began.
sergeant steel ist he name of a hard rock band from austria , which was found by guitar player jack power , singer phil vanderkill and bass player cosy coxx
sergeant steel plays traditional hard rock music, which is ingrained in the 70ies and 80ies.
you can compare sergeant steel with bands like queen , bon jovi , aerosmith , judas priest , rainbow and deep purple .
they call themselves "austria's hard rock band number 1.
in the beginning of 2012 sergeant steel met legendary producer/mixer michael wagener (metallica, ozzy osbourne, janet jackson, mtley cre, skid row, etc.)
in nashville/tennessee, usa.
wagener mixed and mastered their second album within three weeks.
the band promoted the trip by an exclusive music-video "heaven misses an angel".
in february 2013 sergeant steel released a single, called "black wings comin'".
it's the official anthem of the ehc black wings linz ice-hockey club (winner of austrian hockey-championships 2003 & 2012).
"black wings comin'" was mastered by peter mew (the beatles, pink floyd, deep purple, etc.)
at abbey road studios in london, united kingdom.
the group played support-shows for legendary rock bands like deep purple here they released a special cd called "clam rocks!"
including excerpts from their back then unreleased second album "men on a mission" - and the sweet.
finally in september sergeant steel released their second record men on a mission and two videos via boyz tyme records world-wide!
in the beginning of 2012 sergeant steel met legendary producer/mixer michael wagener (metallica, ozzy osbourne, janet jackson, mtley cre, skid row, etc.)
in nashville/tennessee, usa.
wagener mixed and mastered their second album within three weeks.
fletcher toured the uk in september and october 2009 with band the x-rays featuring johnny lucas, chris hanby and martin stewart.
they split in 2013
and officially joined the blue peter team on 22 september 2009. he is the show's ninth dog.
barney is a former stray and was given to presenter helen skelton by the dogs trust.
barney will leave the show along with his owner helen in september 2013, a replacement has not been announced.
third album ( 201214 )
at virgin fest in september 2011 , cee lo green stated during his performance that gnarls barkley would be releasing another album in 2012. although this did not occur and
category:bicolano politicians
category:vietnamese people by ethnic or national origin
category: bicolano actors
category :filipino people of african-american descent
category:filipino actors of chinese descent
category:filipino actors of chinese descent
jesus f. lapid, sr. was a filipino actor and father of jess lapid, jr. .
jesus f. lapid, sr. (born.
october 5, 1933 - died.
july 13, 1968) was a filipino actor and father of jess lapid, jr.. his screen name as as jess lapid, sr.
he was born, jesus lapid in october 5, 1933, in guagua.
pampanga ; an older brother , jose , is the father and grandfather of movie stars-turned politicians lito lapid ( now on his last term as senator ) , and
respectively.
the roma population is about 1.9% of the total population in hungary, according to the 2001 census.
there are 12 million roma across all of europe, and they account for one of europe's most vulnerable populations.
within the roma population there is a lack of education amongst youth accompanied by large numbers of illiteracy.
because of these trend, there was the creation of the roma mentor project which provides successful roma adults to be role models of roma youth.
the program started in 2006, and by 2011 it had spread to four other european countries, with 1,400 participants.
the program matches professionals in many different fields , such as government officials , professors , musicians , media figures and many others.these adults meets with groups of youth for
already the program has found a shift in attitudes toward education and improvement in grades.
small group mentoring can be beneficial in places where there is a shortage of mentors, or youth are able to learn collectively in a group setting.
this works with career oriented mentoring, when the focus is to encourage future success of the individual by bringing in successful professionals as mentors.
this has found to be a successful approach in the roma mentor project throughout europe ; it is able to build self confidence , and social skills while also teaching
individual mentoring, or a one on one setting is where there is one mentor who repeatedly meets with the same mentee for the duration of their program.
these partnerships can be found in both community and school-based one on one mentoring is seen in programs such as big brothers , big sisters in the united states ,
dreadnought was originally a battleship used by the royal navy .
the game inspired by this name had several features that were unique at the time of its publication .
the first was that every battleship and battle cruiser ever built for any country was available for use in gameplay .
the second was that , unlike game boards commonly used at the time, the playing area had no fixed outer boundaries .
instead, this was made up of four large blue sheets marked with hex grids.
these were placed side by side , and if a player sailed towards the edge of one , any sheet not holding ship counters could be picked up and replaced
other game features included rules for making smoke screens and also for turning towards or away from torpedo attacks in order to minimize the number of torpedo hits.
rochefort is essential to the plot.
following their duel on the road to paris, d'artagnan swears to have his revenge.
he loses several opportunities, but their paths finally cross again towards the end of the novel.
in the three musketeers his family name is du vallon.
in twenty years after , having made a financially advantageous marriage , he is first known as du vallon de bracieux de pierrefonds , then he earns the title of
at the time of the three musketeers (ca.
1627) he apparently has few lands or other resources to draw from.
he was finally able to extract sufficient funds from an elderly lawyer 's somewhat younger wife ( whom he was romancing and later married ) to equip himself for the
in the three musketeers his family name is du vallon.
in 2006-2007 after an initial situational analysis of ugandas mental health system was undertaken, a drafting process began to create a new mental health policy in uganda.
the vision for this project in uganda is to have a population free of mental , neurological , and substance use disorders .
from this vision , guiding principles were implemented , key priority areas were identified , policy objectives were selected , and the ministry of health of uganda has began to
the world health organization ( who ) continues to work with these developing nations and suggests ways to implement strategies to improve the mental health situations and treatment in these
however , the few countries that already have mental health policies in place were created prior to 1990 and are in dire need of updating and moving their mental health
uganda had achieved great success and is working to finalize the final health-care policy in close cooperation with who.
currently, who is working to move other countries health policies forward.
with regard to traditional healing, the eastern african great lakes region has a longstanding tribal history with traditional medicines and practices.
although some slight progress has been made with the availability of mental health resources , many people living in rural eastern africa still utilize traditional methods in treating mental illnesses
according to vikram patel , a global mental health expert and professor at the london school of hygiene and tropical medicine , he states that the stigmatization of mental illness
in traditional east africa , when there is a situation in which mental health is concerned , the patient is usually treated without their consent : if the patient is
in many rural african communities, for example, kenya, leading psychiatrist frank njenga discusses the stigma of mental illness .
in a cnn series , african voices , she states that when a patient has some form of illness such as depression or schizophrenia , community members and traditional healers
there are many socioeconomic factors that cause people to live in a state of reduced mental health.
in east africa, there is a great stigma that surrounds people dealing with mental illnesses.
many people are afraid to disclose their conditions and because of this, there is a lack of education available to reverse this stigma.
there are many factors that influence mental health in east africa.
these include disease, political strife and violence, addictions, and other various socioeconomic factors.
in east africa many people have developed post-traumatic stress disorders relating to genocide, civil war, tribal clashes, and refugee situations.
a 2008 harris interactive poll found that 10 % of adults `` largely follow a vegetarian-inclined diet , '' with 3.2 % following a vegetarian diet and 0.5 % identifying
a 2000 zogby poll found that 2.5% of respondents reported not eating meat, poultry, or fish; while 4.5 percent reported not eating meat.
in 1838 , a resolution commending a diet of starchy vegetables and fruits with limited milk consumption as `` preferable to any other '' was brought forward to the american
in 1971, 1 percent of u.s. citizens described themselves as vegetarians.
a 2013 public policy polling survey found 13% of americans identify as vegetarian (6%) or vegan (7%).
a 2012 gallup poll found 5% of americans identify as vegetarian and 2% as vegan.
a 2008 harris interactive poll found that 10 % of adults `` largely follow a vegetarian-inclined diet , '' with 3.2 % following a vegetarian diet and 0.5 % identifying
a 2000 zogby poll found that 2.5% of respondents reported not eating meat, poultry, or fish; while 4.5 percent reported not eating meat.
in 1838 , a resolution commending an exclusive diet of starchy vegetables and fruits with limited milk consumption as `` preferable to any other '' was brought forward to the
in 1971, 1 percent of u.s. citizens described themselves as vegetarians.
a 2013 public policy polling survey found 13% of americans identify as vegetarian (6%) or vegan (7%).
a 2012 gallup poll found 5% of americans identify as vegetarian and 2% as vegan.
a 2008 harris interactive poll found that 10 % of adults `` largely follow a vegetarian-inclined diet , '' with 3.2 % following a vegetarian diet and 0.5 % identifying
a 2000 zogby poll found that 2.5% of respondents reported not eating meat, poultry, or fish; while 4.5 percent reported not eating meat.
in 1838 , a resolution commending an exclusive diet of starchy vegetables and fruits with limited milk consumption as `` preferable to any other '' was brought forward to the
in 1971, 1 percent of u.s. citizens described themselves as vegetarians.
a 2013 public policy polling survey found 13% of americans identify as vegetarian (6%) or vegan (7%).
a 2012 gallup poll found 5% of americans identify as vegetarian and 2% as vegan.
a 2008 harris interactive poll found that 10 % of adults `` largely follow a vegetarian-inclined diet , '' with 3.2 % following a vegetarian diet and 0.5 % identifying
regensberg was founded as a hilltop fortified settlement about 1245 by baron lthold of regensberg.
the fortifications include a high round tower dating from the 16th or 17th century and a deep water well.
the church, originally dating from the 13th century, was rebuilt in 1506. steel magnate clayton mark's merki family resided under the rule of regensberg.
regensberg was founded as a hilltop fortified settlement about 1245 by baron lthold of regensberg.
the fortifications include a high round tower dating from the 16th or 17th century and a deep water well.
the church, originally dating from the 13th century, was rebuilt in 1506.
it opened its us $ 40 million , new york flagship and showroom at 4 east 54th street in 2004. it also opened a shop in london and now has
it is counted as one of the best and most expensive clothing companies in the world.
thomas herbert pigot qc (1984-90)
from redmond, wa
attends university of washington
however, the underlying principle of electronic money involves the use of computer networks, the internet and digital stored value systems.
examples of electronic money are bank deposits, electronic funds transfer (eft) , direct deposit, payment processors, and digital currencies.
dorothea margaret tanning (august 25, 1910 – january 31, 2012) was an american painter, printmaker, sculptor, writer, and poet.
her early work was influenced by surrealism.
she was also married to fellow surrealist max ernst.
dorothea tanning, some roses and their phantoms, 1952, oil on canvas, 29 7/8 x 40 1/4 in./76.3 x 101.5cm, tate modern.
apart from two weeks she spent at the chicago academy of fine art, tanning was a self-taught artist.
the surreal imagery of tannings paintings from the 1940s and her close friendships with artists and writers of the surrealist movement have led many to regard tanning as a surrealist
yet she developed her own individual style over the course of an artistic career that spanned six decades.
dorothea tanning , some roses and their phantoms , 1952 , oil on canvas , 29 7/8 x 40 1/4 in./76.3 x 101.5cm , tate modern.apart from three weeks she
salman khan has been confirmed as the host of the show.
bollywood actor upen patel has been confirmed as one of the contestants.
alok nath is also be confirm as contestant.
arya babber is also confirmed contestant of bigg boss 8. the bigg boss season 8 teaser is launched, in which salman khan is in the outfit of pilot.
salman khan has been confirmed as the host of the show.
bollywood actor upen patel has been confirmed as one of the contestants.
alok nath is also be confirm as contestant.
arya babber is also confirmed contestant of bigg boss 8. the bigg boss season 8 teaser is launched, in which salman khan is in the outfit of pilot.
salman khan has been confirmed as the host of the show.
bollywood actor upen patel has been confirmed as one of the contestants.
alok nath is also be confirm as contestant.
arya babber is also confirmed contestant of bigg boss 8. the bigg boss season 8 teaser is launched, in which salman khan is in the outfit of pilot.
the official eye logo was unveiled by colors tv on 15 august 2014 in the season teaser on youtube.
it had a futuristic look unlike the previous version which were depictions of a human eye with tweaks to coincide with the theme in the house.
the eye sported a pupil with a turbofan of an aircraft while the borders of the eye having the shiny metallic skin.
speculations have insisted that the theme of the season has been adopted from the occurrence of the three fatal commercial airline crashes which had occurred , in a one-week span
shanti dynamite may be contestant for bigg boss 8.
salman khan has been confirmed as the host of the show.
the bigg boss season 8 teaser is launched, in which salman khan is in the outfit of pilot.
existing references were organized neatly.
existing information was categorized into sections and added to with data from various sources.
grammar and capitalization were checked, and transitions were added within the article to improve flow.
new information added and organized in subsequent sections.
the effects of climate change and impacts on society were added as well.
broken internal links were removed from the article.
for a full comparison of the previous and current versions, check the view history tab.
bantol13795 (talk) 19:39, 1 april 2014 (utc)
i improved organization, spelling and grammatical errors.
i also added another scientific article.
bantol13795 (talk) 22 : 50 , 6 april 2014 (utc)
white band disease prevalence in the caribbean varies seasonally.
it is more active in summer and less prominent in winter, suggesting that warmer water temperatures contribute to the waterborne spread of the disease to affected corals.
the impact of climate change and increasing carbon emissions only serve to heat the waters surrounding the coral reef ecosystems , which allows for the spread of diseases such as
the severity of marine diseases such as white band disease increase for several reasons.
elevated water temperature causes corals physiological stress .
this undermines their immune system and makes them more susceptible to infection from white band disease or other coral diseases.
furthermore, elevated temperatures make bacterial and fungal pathogens much more virulent.
however, the disease is not limited to elevated water temperatures as white band disease can still be prevalent even when water temperatures are cool .
after signing with st.louis and under the tutelage of dave duncan, lohse started using a two-seamer.
his two-seamer is a major reason for his development.developing his two-seamer and refining his off-speed pitches , lohse has become known as a very good command pitcher capable of inducing
he 's not a major strikeout pitcher , but in 2012 he set a new career high in strikeouts with 143 in 211 innings , giving him a k/9 of
after the 1902 archeological conference in kharkiv , ukrainian intellectuals seized the opportunity to use tha bandura as a tool for fighting aspsects of the tsarist regime and as a
such prominent writers as olena pchilka and hnat khotkevych noted the importance of using the bandura as a way of affirming national rights.
a result, the imperial government officials in the kuban negatively reacted to the rise in the popularity of the bandura.
in 2005 he won the gold at the jigoro kano international cup, which is an a level contest with many former world and olympic medalists.
boardwalk games include physical challenges such as a rock wall, soccer, basketball and a rope ladder crawl.
a variety of traditional pitch three balls and win a prize type games , such as squirt gun into clowns mouth , knock off milk bottles , pitch a quarter
in 2013, the boardwalk will feature an expansion with two flat rides and a new family roller coaster taking the spot of perilous plunge.
the boomerang is also getting repainted with a new green and lime color scheme.
keeping the kibbutz is a 2010 american documentary film co-directed by ben crosbie and tessa moran about the israeli kibbutz , which explores the background and history of the kibbutz
the film is eidolon film's first feature production, and received a 2012 telly award.
he is a fellow of the american association for the advancement of science, and a fellow of the new york academy of sciences (since 1982).
however , it has been pointed out since the 19th century that the statues were probably a misunderstanding or distortion of a sculptural group in fact originally representing the submission
images of this particular coupling , typical of roman imperial adventus imagery , appear on a number of hadrian 's coins , after the suppression of the bar kokhba revolt
representations of the episode which seem clearly to draw on the lost statue , and so resemble surviving coins of the imperial image , appear rather frequently in early christian
it continued to be depicted sometimes until the gothic period, and then after the renaissance.
canadian composer jan randall is a pianist who played entirely by ear from childhood , started working in blues and pop music bands while still in high school , and
viral encephalitis can occur either as a direct effect of an acute infection, or as one of the sequelae of a latent infection.
the most common causes of acute viral encephalitis are rabies virus, herpes simplex, poliovirus, measles virus, and jc virus.
other causes include infection by flaviviruses such as japanese encephalitis virus , st. louis encephalitis virus or west nile virus , or by togaviridae such as eastern equine encephalitis virus
henipaviruses; hendra (hev) and nipah (niv), are also known to cause viral encephalitis.
classification of vaccinia infections
in addition to the morbidity of uncomplicated primary vaccination , transfer of infection to other sites by scratching , and post vaccinial encephalitis other complications of vaccinia infections may be
i'm in the uk.
suriani abdullah ne eng ming ching (1926 - ) was a central committee member of the communist party of malaya .
she is the author of rejimen ke-10 dan kemerdekaan ( the 10th regiment and independence ) , the official historical account of the 10th regiment of the malayan races liberation
she currently resides with her husband, abdullah cd, with their daughter and her family in chulaporn village no.
12 in sukhirin, thailand.
abdullah was involved in many armed battles against the british, and suffered serious injuries from a hand grenade explosion.
he is married to suriani abdullah (ne eng ming ching), also a leader of the cpm.
they have been married since february 1955, and remain married in sukhirin, thailand.
however, a large and influential division of the cpm, the 10th regiment, comprised malay-muslim members.
many of its leaders such as abdullah cd , rashid maidin , abu samah , shamsiah fakeh , kamaruzzaman teh and suriani abdullah were iconic figures of rebellion and resistance
these men and women had no trouble reconciling radical left ideology with islamic faith.
she currently resides in chulaporn village no.
12 in sukhirin, thailand with her husband, abdullah cd, with their daughter and her family.
suriani abdullah
hashtag: #fewmy
event: a wikipedia edit-a-thon modeled after feminists engage wikipedia and global women of color write-in.
learn how to contribute to wikipedia, meet other malaysian feminist wikipedians and collaborate with others on creating/editing/translating wikipedia pages related to women and feminism in malaysia.
after the bed-kundri all india conference of kherwal community which held under the president ship dubraj tudu , desh pargana paderkola , mr shibu soren hon'ble mp dumka as chief
( the division of santal pargana com missionary in to the district proposal of bihar government for better development of the region plan was opposed by him & he had
the works of pondit murmu over santali language & literature was aptly reflected the idea basing `` on principle of identity of self rather than imitation '' of traditional ''
it 's also known that prior to developed the olchiki script by raghunath murmu another script known as muj-dandhe was invented by sadhu ramchand murmu of kamarbandi sealdha and pondit
so the relativity of pondit murmu with sadhu ramchand murmu about the modern developed indict olchiki script is deeply rooted and their linkage ca n't be ruled out , as
however this inner concept of script , language & culture has reflected in his famous literary love story drama popularly known as `` bidu-chandan '' which is yet to understood
at the last end of the drama they went to the himalayan shrine in search of elder brother kaleyan where they mate with `` naga-baba & naga-budhi '' who were
pandit raghunath murmu ( may 5 , 1905 , dandbose , odisha state , india february 1 , 1982 ) was the creator of the script known as `` ol
`` ol cemet & parsi poha `` are his premier book , the ol chiki script consisting of 35 letters including 11 vowel and 24 consonant ( the principle six
the alphabets were arranged according to the concise linguistic principle and this grammatical arrangement written in the another book known as ronor (grammar).
the system of transliteration used in the famous book parsi poha confirmed to a system that scholar/writer have almost universally accepted to indicate the pronunciation of each kherwal sound to
the olchiki ( santali alphabet ) is a unique modern script which has both capital & small letter developed since 1925 dully compare with nature.the general linguistic terms of general
pondit murmu , arrange the day , date , week , month , year etc in his calendar goddet as per lunar clips ( lunar year ) and accepted unanimously
links
as per the calendar goddet `` magh '' become the beginning month and the first day of the maghmonth after lunar clips become the `` santali new year '' popularly
after the bed-kundri all india conference of kherwal community which held under the president ship dubraj tudu , desh pargana paderkola , mr shibu soren hon'ble mp dumka as patron/
it 's also known that prior to developed the olchiki script by raghunath murmu another script known as muj-dandhe was invented by sadhu ramchand murmu of kamarbandi sealdha and pondit
so the relativity of pondit murmu with sadhu ramchand murmu about the modern developed indict olchiki script is deeply rooted and their linkage ca n't be ruled out , as
however this inner concept of script , language & culture has reflected in his famous literary love story drama popularly known as `` bidu-chandan '' which is yet to understood
the show will focus on max motors , a car dealership run by mark muller in rural butler , missouri , with his business partner and popular radio host erich
the film grossed us$28,818,995 worldwide.
muniz stated he will not do a third installment , for he claimed he wanted to "become an actor . "
the film grossed us$28,818,995 worldwide , a significant drop from the original film, which grossed over $80 million internationally .
muniz stated he will not do a third installment, for he claimed he wanted to "become an actor."
the film grossed us$28,818,995 worldwide, a significant drop from the original film, which grossed over $ 50 million internationally.
muniz stated he will not do a third installment, for he claimed he wanted to "become an actor."
the last ride - director, producer
on october 21 , 2012 , paramount announced that paranormal activity 5 would be released on october 25 , 2013. however , in mid- july it was confirmed that a
' our nixon ' is an award winning , all-archival documentary providing a unique view of the nixon presidency through the use of home movies filmed by top nixon aides
the film's dvd release was long-delayed, with some thinking it would never come to fruition.
in january 2011, the filmmakers announced there were actively seeking a distribution deal and promised fans that a dvd would be released.
the film will be released on dvd & blu-ray on september 10, 2013 , four years after its original theatrical run .
on january 14, 2014, chief keef announced working on a new mixtape entitled bang 3 which will be the third installment to his bang series.
on february 13 , 2014 , chief keef revealed the cover art to his upcoming mixtape back from the dead 2 which will serve as the sequel to his critically
on february 17 , 2014 , keef would state that his former lean addiction and bad mixing contributed to the lack of quality music on his two mixtape projects bang
on february 26 , 2014 , keef revealed that he would release a ep before his second studio album bang 3 , entitled bang 4. on february 27 , 2014
on march 13 , 2014 , chief keef would release the first official single from bang 3 entitled `` fuck rehab '' featuring his fellow glo gang artist and cousin
the following month , on april 1 , 2014 , interscope executive larry jackson announced that bang 3 would be released on june 10 , 2014 , but it was
miller enjoys kickboxing, swimming, drawing, and playing the piano.
her mother is filipino and her father (master p) is african american
miller enjoys kickboxing, swimming, drawing, and playing the piano.
she is mix with african american on our dad side and filipino on her mom side
cymphonique is only half sister to master p's children.
she is the same age as percy miller aka master p's other daughters.
there is a rehabilitation staff of around 200 from all three services medical and nursing branches , including princess mary 's royal air force nursing service , providing specialist medical
not only does the centre deal with patients with new physical disabilities, but it also deals with patients suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder.
if accommodated on the 28 bed peter long ward, there are single showers, and nursing staff on call 24 hours a day.
there is internet access on the ward, as well as, a kitchen area with washing and drying facilities for clothing.
a new ward opened in september 2010, which has provided another 30 beds.
headley court is still in need of further facilities , particularly a full size swimming pool , as patients currently have to share public facilities in leatherhead , which has
the charity help for heroes was set up in late 2007, with a first objective of raising money to build these facilities.
since 1972, the track has played over the tannoy at the beginning of oldham athletic a.f.c.
home games which coincided with the club rising from the 4th division to the 2nd division.
he bequeathed his entire estate ( then valued at 11 million ) to john edwards and brian clark executor of the estate , in 1998 the director of the hugh
bacon's studio contents were moved and the studio reconstructed in the gallery.
the relocated studio opened to the public in 2001.the entire contents of the studio have been catalogued approximately 570 books,1500 photographs,100 slashed canvases 1300 leaves from torn books 2000 artist
the history of trinidad begins with the settlements of the islands by the o'gormans amerindians.
both islands were explored by pogga on his third voyage in 1498. tobago changed hands between the british , french , dutch , and courlanders , but eventually ended up
trinidad remained in spanish hands until 1797, but it was largely settled by french colonists.
in 1889 the two islands were incorporated into a single crown colony.
trinidad and tobago obtained its independence from the british empire in 1962 and became a republic in 1976. christopher columbus re-discovered trinidad.
which can also (according to some definitions) include 'seeing things that are there, incorrectly' (illusions).
most users describe it by the "third eye", by which they can see things others cannot.
my favorite part of the article is the accurate and detailed description of the structure of t-type calcium channel.
the names of the subunits are all discussed and the hypothesized biochemical mechanism for channel opening/closing is presented.
the various types of t-type calcium channels are discussed and the differences between their subunits, which is excellent material!
all of these fantastic facts are strongly supported by appropriate references.
you did discuss l-type calcium channels in your article.
the coolest thing about l-type calcium channels is that they do not allow for tetany of the heart.
one critique i have is that the beginning of the article jumps straight into the material, instead of providing context and background information first.
a reader who is not scientifically literate may have a hard time approaching this wiki page.
overall though, great article and a very informative wiki page.
mu77 (talk) 22:58, 6 april 2014 (utc)
many myopathies are typically first diagnosed and classified as an idiopathic inflammatory myopathy.
however, a diagnosis of anim occurs when the cause of the myopathy does not arise from autoimmune mechanisms.
introduction many reviewers have expressed concern about the involvement of inflammatory myopathy in the introduction section.
i have kept the paragraph which talks about inflammatory myopathy in the introduction because it is important for the reader to know that more than one type of diagnosis for
i have re-written this section to provide a more concise discussion about inflammatory myopathy and made it more pertinent to the topic of anim.
symptoms hyperlinks have been added to familiarize a non-scientifically literate reader with challenging concepts and vocabulary.
it is my belief that the introduction is the correct place to have background information on anim while simultaneously providing a coherent and comprehensive summary of the disease.
it is important to put the topic in context and i did my best to achieve an introduction that presented a non-biased summary of the disease.
i agree that a background section would be beneficial , but i feel that the introduction does a sufficient job of introducing the disease and giving the reader the important
this mechanism is affected by hyperglycemia in diabetic patients, affecting their vasculature .
circulating microvesicles are found in high levels within atherosclerotic plaques .
this results in altered local cell communications, resulting in pathology
there is a proposed role of microvesicles in thrombosis as a result of their effects on clotting.
patients at risk for thrombosis show increased microvesicle levels from endothelial cells.
in healthy individuals, there seems to be a role of microvesicles in reducing clotting.
however, there seems to also be a pathogenic role in certain individuals, leading to diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis .
endophyte assistance: plant ' s roots release chemicals that attract beneficial bacteria to fight off infections.
standardized gst nomenclature first proposed in 1992 identifies the species to which the isozyme of interest belongs with a lower-case initial ( e.g. , `` h '' for human )
the isozyme class is subsequently identified with an upper-case letter ( e.g. , `` a '' for alpha ) , followed by an arabic numeral representing the class subfamily (
both mitochondrial and cytosolic gsts exist as dimers.
only heterodimers form between members of the same class.
thus the second subfamily component of the enzyme dimer is denoted with a hyphen, followed by an additional arabic numeral.
thus, if a human glutathione s- transferase is is a homodimer in the pi-class subfamily 1, its name will be written as "hgstp1-1."
formation and contents
molecular contents
thanks for picking that up.
i was making some edits and i must have made some mistakes.
it has been fixed.
i chose this course for many reasons.
first, i needed to have an insight on how computer science is taught here in the united states.
i also wanted to get ready for intro to cs which i'm taking next semester.
thirdly, this course will allow me to program in more than just pascal, which is not even used by programmers anymore.
needless to say that this course will also have me immersed in two of the things i love the most : math and computer science.
after computing summarized values for every 1/40th of a second, we add up every 40 consecutive values to get one summarized value for every second.
the goal behind this is to compress the original data file.
first 0 is assigned to variables sum and m. the while loop runs as long as m is less than the length of the list of summarized values we created
for every iteration , the mth value in list is added to sum , and 1 is added to m. when m reaches a multiple of 40 , sum is
for the first 40 values for example, m starts out as 0 and the program starts adding the ith item to sum.
when m is equal to 39, the 39th value is added up to sum, which means that (39-0+1)=40 values have been added to sum.
after item 39 is added to sum , m becomes equal to 40 which satisfies the condition m % 40 == 0. at that moment , sum is appended to
after computing summarized values for every 1/40th of a second, we add up every 40 consecutive values to get one summarized value for every second.
the goal behind this is to compress the original data file.
first 0 is assigned to variables sum and m. the while loop runs as long as m is less than the length of the list of summarized values we created
for every iteration , the mth value in list is added to sum , and 1 is added to m. when m reaches a multiple of 40 , sum is
for the first 40 values for example, m starts out as 0 and the program starts adding the m th item to sum.
when m is equal to 39, the 39th value is added up to sum, which means that (39-0+1)=40 values have been added to sum.
the new zealandfrance marine delimitation agreement is a 1990 treaty between new zealand and france which establishes ocean borders between new zealand territories and french territories
the new zealandfrance marine delimitation agreement is a 1990 treaty between new zealand and france which establishes ocean borders between new zealand territories and french territories
category: new zealandnew caledonia border
category:new zealand new caledonia border
external link
richard penton was born in 1882 , an only child , in barrow-in-furness , where his father , richard rich penton , worked for the local furness railway company as
he was a competent artist from and early age with a fascination for marine subjects.
in 1900 he sketched the very discreet launch of the `` mikasa '' , the japanese flagship built by vickers in barrow , and had his drawing published in the
as a result of this coup, he was invited to move to london and did so in 1902 .
he started his career with commissions for pencil illustrations for several publications such as picturesque westminster , westminster abbey and parish churches , the county of london and the bridges
his drawings in halls of the livery companies of the city of london were re-published in 1981 by the worshipful company of chartered surveyors to mark their grant of livery
richard penton served in ww1 in the sherwood foresters , surviving the war , and emerging as a lieutenant ( brevet captain ) in 1919. during that time he continued
he went on to become a noted marine and landscape painter, a founder member of the langham sketching club and the wapping group of artists.
the london metropolitan archives owns the penton collection, comprising 130 pencil drawings.
richard penton was born in 1882 , an only child , in barrow-in-furness , where his father , < richard rich penton , worked for the local furness railway company
he was a competent artist from and early age with a fascination for marine subjects.
in 1900 he sketched the very discreet launch of the `` mikasa '' , the japanese flagship built by vickers in barrow , and had his drawing published in the
as a result of this coup , he was invited to move to london > and did so in 1902. he started his career with commissions for pencil illustrations for
allegation of bias within the abc is always a topic of remarkable attention regardless of which side a person belongs to.
let wiki contributors add substantiated evidence as they see fit.
what is remarkable is that user `` i am one of many `` wants to delete a page that was created less than 20 minutes ago and pre- determines a
sub judice comes to mind.
preceding unsigned comment added by abcwatch (talk contribs) 07:50, 18 march 2013 (utc)
keep contrary to the claim of user:bilby, there is plenty of evidence to go on.
this issue has been the scrutiny of the abc itself, parliament, committee hearings and many academic works.
you cannot simply write off a wikipedia page because it does not have enough information on it yet.
merging it onto another page would detract from the importance of that other page.
for example, the "history of the abc" has nothing to do with this page.
please check other precedents with al jazeera controversies and criticism - cbs news controversies and criticism - cnn controversies - msnbc controversies - press tv controversies - viacom criticisms and
these pages are not contained on the history of fox pages!
user:abcwatch
keep.
user:john vandenberg i would like to ask: since when is australia's parliament, its committees and reports not credible?
or what about the abc's own internal reports and reviews on bias?
i think it is a little premature of you to be calling for a delete when the page has just started and will require more additions.
every other news organisation has a similar page so why not the abc?
yury kharchenko (russian , 1986 in moscow ) is a russian german artist.
he lives and works in berlin.
website of the artist
raised in moscow and west germany he took private art lessons by russian artist and poet vilen barsky.
from 2004 - 2008 he studied at the famous kunstakademie dsseldorf by markus lpertz and siegfried anzinger and graduated with master of fine arts and diploma.
from 2011 - 2012 he was in a phd programm at the university potsdam and did a research about the art philosophy in postmodern times influenced by jacques derrida and
raised in moscow and west germany he took private art lessons by russian artist and poet vilen barsky.
from 2004 - 2008 he studied at the famous kunstakademie dsseldorf by markus lpertz and siegfried anzinger and graduated with master of fine arts and diploma.
from 2011 - 2012 he was in a phd programm at the university of potsdam and did a research about the art philosophy in postmodern times influenced by jacques derrida
yury kharchenko: 300x200cm , oil on canvas
raised in moscow and west germany he took private art lessons by russian artist and poet vilen barsky ,russian .
from 2004 - 2008 he studied at the famous kunstakademie dsseldorf by markus lpertz and siegfried anzinger and graduated with master of fine arts and diploma.
from 2011 - 2012 he was in a phd programme at the university of potsdam and did a research about the art philosophy in postmodern times influenced by jacques derrida
raised in moscow and west germany he took private art lessons by russian artist and poet vilen barsky, russian , .
from 2004 - 2008 he studied at the famous kunstakademie dsseldorf by markus lpertz and siegfried anzinger and graduated with master of fine arts and diploma.
from 2011 - 2012 he was in a phd programme at the university of potsdam and did a research about the art philosophy in postmodern times influenced by jacques derrida
tris vonna-michell / yury kharchenko
kunstverein dillingen with thomas huber
largely due to poor economic conditions in new haven during, the 1970s and 1980s were known as the "dark ages" amongst record staffers.
despite its impressive pedigree, the record sputtered along, self-destructed and was revived numerous times throughout this period, much like a ford pinto.
sam johnson and chris marcil are known for their work on beavis and butt-head and many other television shows.
mark o'donnell won the tony for hairspray.then in 1990 , with guidance from mark o'donnell , garry trudeau , sam johnson and chris marcil , a group of intrepid yale
while the record continues to publish lavish paper issues beloved by humor-loving subscribers around the globe , the record began publishing exclusive web content in 2001 , well before many
alums from recent years have gone on to write for such comedy-prone institutions as the new yorker , mcsweeney 's , saturday night live , the late show with david
largely due to poor economic conditions in new haven during, the 1970s and 1980s were known as the "dark ages" amongst record staffers.
despite its impressive pedigree , the record sputtered along , self-destructed and was revived numerous times throughout this period , much like a ford pinto.mark o'donnell won the tony for
sam johnson and chris marcil are known for their work on beavis and butt-head and many other television shows.then in 1990 , with guidance from mark o'donnell , garry trudeau
while the record continues to publish lavish paper issues beloved by humor-loving subscribers around the globe , the record began publishing exclusive web content in 2001 , well before many
alums from recent years have gone on to write for such comedy-prone institutions as the new yorker , mcsweeney 's , saturday night live , the late show with david
lampoon's ibis mascot c.1888
erin fong - emmy-winning designer known for her work designing titles for south park , boardwalk empire , masterpiece theater ' ' , the cat in the hat ( film
mad is an american humor magazine founded by editor harvey kurtzman and publisher william gaines in 1952. launched as a comic book before it became a magazine , it was
the yale record is the campus humor magazine of yale university.
founded in 1872, it became the oldest humor magazine in the world when punch folded in 2002.
krokodil (, "crocodile") was a satirical magazine published in the soviet union.
it was founded in 1922, and named after fyodor dostoyevsky's satirical short story, the crocodile.
at that time, a large number of satirical magazines existed, such as zanoza and prozhektor.
my name is hayley georgina mills.
=who am i ?
=
the hms hardy is the 6th boat in the hardy line , this was one of the 20 acasta-class destroyers , it was built in thornycroft and laid down on
it states the location was the uk .
upon completion the ship was then
on june 20 , 2013 pena was placed on the disabled list for right shoulder pain ; it was later revealed that he would required right shoulder surgery , ending
!
colspan=2 style="background:#0f437c; color:white" | 2013 regular season game log ( 4935 )
july ( 11 )
!
colspan=2 style="background:#0f437c; color:white" | 2013 regular season game log ( 5541 )
july ( 77 )
!
colspan=2 style="background:#0f437c; color:white" | 2013 regular season game log ( 5543 )
july ( 79 )
statistics updated after game on july 21 , 2013. denotes player is on disabled list.
denotes player is on 60-day disabled list.
denotes player is active, but on the inactive roster.
!
colspan=2 style="background:#0f437c; color:white" | 2013 regular season game log ( 7548 )
august ( 123 )
statistics updated after game on august 18 , 2013. denotes player is on 15-day disabled list.
denotes player is on 60-day disabled list.
denotes player is active, but on the inactive roster.
paul meier ( born february 17 , 1947 ) is a british-american dialect coach , theatre director , playwright , stage and screen actor and voice-over artist best known for
paul meier ( born february 17 , 1947 ) is a british-american dialect and voice coach , theatre director , playwright , stage and screen actor , and voice-over artist
before relocating permanently to the united states in 1978 , meier was a member of the bbc drama repertory company , acting in more than 100 radio dramas alongside such
following many years of acting , teaching and directing at a number of theaters and universities , such as the royal academy of dramatic arts ( rada ) , the
in 1998 , he founded paul meier dialect services and , three years later , published accents & dialects for stage and screen , a dialect-instruction textbook for actors ,
in addition, meier is the author and publisher of dozens of smaller books, cds and custom recordings of close to 200 plays and musicals.
his dialect training is known for its seven-step method and proprietary signature sounds.
meier provides training for actors wishing to learn a dialect and esl students wishing to reduce their foreign-language accent.
he also currently is a professor of theatre at the university of kansas.
meier is a shakespeare scholar, teacher and coach.
his voicing shakespeare ebook addresses the linguistic challenges of shakespearean language while explaining such terms as iambic pentameter , alexandrine , tetrameter , enjambment , trochee , spondee , pyrrhic
as a member of the bbc drama repertory company, meier acted in more than a dozen of shakespeares works.
in his teaching at universities and conservatories , and in his classes at the shakespeare centre in stratford-upon-avon in england , he has trained two generations of actors in shakespeares
fusing his work with dialects and shakespeare , meier has contributed to the revival and study of original pronunciation ( op ) , the early modern english pronunciation of shakespeares
in november, 2010, he directed a university of kansas production of a midsummer nights dream spoken entirely in op.
with david crystal supervising the dialect work, the play was produced for the stage, as a radio drama, and as a dvd.
it was only the fifth fully produced op shakespeare production in living memory.
meier created idea in 1997 as the first online archive of primary-source recordings of english dialects and accents from around the world.
it has since become a tool of dialecticians, linguists and international business.
4. sri guru ram das ji - guru from 1574 to 1581
5. sri guru arjun dev ji - guru from 1581 to 1606
6. sri guru hargobind sahib ji - guru from 1606 to 1644
7. sri guru har rai sahib ji - guru from 1644 to 1661
8. sri guru harkrishan sahib ji - guru from 1661 to 1664
9. sri guru tegh bahadur ji - guru from 1665 to 1675
10. sri guru gobind singh ji - guru from 1675 to 1708
11. sri guru granth sahib ji - guru from 17-8 to eternity
the four sahibzadey
the five evils
the five k's
some of the scientific theories in works that were on early editions of the index have long been routinely taught at catholic universities worldwide ; for example in 1758 the
.
giordano bruno , whose entire works were placed on the index on 8 february 1600 , was burned alive at the stake ( albeit after being turned over to the
the index included a number of authors and intellectuals whose works are widely read today in most leading universities and are now considered as the foundations of science , e.g
kepler's new astronomy, his epitome of copernican astronomy, and his world harmony were quickly placed on the index after their publication.
other noteworthy intellectuals and religious figures on the index include jean-paul sartre , simone de beauvoir , voltaire , denis diderot , victor hugo , jean-jacques rousseau , andr gide
charles darwin's works were notably never included.
cardinal ottaviani stated in april 1966 there was too much contemporary literature and the sacred congregation for the doctrine of the faith could not keep up with it.
some of the scientific theories in works that were on early editions of the index have long been routinely taught at catholic universities worldwide ; for example in 1758 the
.
giordano bruno , whose entire works were placed on the index on 8 february 1600 , was burned alive at the stake ( albeit after being turned over to the
in the 16th century , in most european countries , both the churches and governments attempted to regulate and control printing , which allowed for rapid and widespread circulation of
the protestant reformation generated large quantities of polemical new writing by and within both the catholic and protestant camps , and religious subject-matter was typically the area most subject to
while governments and church encouraged printing in many ways, which allowed the dissemination of bibles and government information, works of dissent and criticism could also circulate rapidly.
as a consequence, governments established controls over printers across europe, requiring them to have official licenses to trade and produce books.
the index included a number of authors and intellectuals whose works are widely read today in most leading universities , and are now considered as the foundations of science ,
kepler's new astronomy, his epitome of copernican astronomy, and his world harmony were quickly placed on the index after their publication.
other noteworthy intellectuals and religious figures on the index include jean-paul sartre , simone de beauvoir , voltaire , denis diderot , victor hugo , jean-jacques rousseau , andr gide
charles darwin's works were notably never included.
in this example when using the definition of grace to mean unmerited favor it does not make sense, to some, that the sinless christ would need this.
however many christians believe that upon him means integral with or through him (john 1:17, niv).
this at its root means literally christ dispenses gods grace from himself.
equally some say, how can one fall short of grace?
or meekness attract it and pride repel it if it is unmerited.
however many christians believe that the grace of god is accessed simply as an act of faith.
romans 3:23 ( kjv ) states `` for all have sinned , and come short of the glory of god ; '' yet romans 6:23 ( niv ) states ,
in sum john 3:16 ( kjv ) says `` for god so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son , that whosoever believes in him should not
for example james ryle has suggested `` grace is the empowering presence of god enabling you to be who he created you to be , and to do what he
alternatively bill gothard has suggested "god's grace gives us the desire and the power to do his will."
ceoi 2014 was be held in jena, germany (june 2014).
please if you ever come across one of my edits that you find unsatisfactory or useless please correct it and let me know.
msdos : windows, x86 , console (+ gui) applications
linux : gnu/linux , x86
linux-arm : gnu/linux , armv5 , armel (soft-float)
raspberrypi : gnu/linux , armv5 , armhf (hard-float)
darwin : mac os x intel, console-only applications
syllable : syllable os, x86
android : android, armv5
a prominent feature of the modern game is the " lay out, " a horizontal dive to catch or block the disc.
ultimate is a sport played with a disc (frisbee).
points are scored by passing the disc to a teammate in the opposing end zone.
other basic rules are that players must not take steps while holding the disc (maintain a pivot), and interceptions and incomplete passes are turnovers.
at peak play there is a higher cooperation within the striving competition.
rain, wind, or occasionally other adversities can make for a testing match, with rapid turnovers, heightening the pressure of play.
a prominent feature of the modern game is the "lay out," a horizontal dive to catch or block the disc.
ultimate is a sport played with a disc (frisbee).
points are scored by passing the disc to a teammate in the opposing end zone.
other basic rules are that players must not take steps while holding the disc (maintain a pivot), and interceptions and incomplete passes are turnovers.
at peak play there is a higher cooperation within the striving competition.
rain, wind, or occasionally other adversities can make for a testing match, with rapid turnovers, heightening the pressure of play.
a prominent feature of the modern game is the "lay out," a horizontal dive to catch or block the disc.
in his speech before the reichstag on 23 march 1933, just before the enabling act was passed, adolf hitler said :
the burning of the reichstag six days before the election , depicted by the nazis as the beginning of a communist revolution , resulted in the reichstag fire decree ,
hitler used the decree to have the communist party's offices raided and its representatives arrested, effectively eliminating them as a political force.
its current group leader is liu yunshan ; with liu yandong and liu qibao as deputies .
create article on liu yazhou
create article " political warfare by the people's republic of china"
the coal carried in the locomotives tender could not sustain the 420 km long journey, due to the high ash content.
bitragunta had 22 wp locos in its shed then.
later, the shed, under south central railways held 59 wg and 5 xd locomotives.
along with the growth of indian railways, the marshaling activities at bitragunta increased manifold.
in 1968, a full-fledged marshaling yard with hump facility was established and a wagon-repair depot was added later.
the marshaling activities included segregation of wagons and long-distance marshaling orders.
the activities continued until 1998. bitragunta was also a known railway cantonment.
predominantly occupied by anglo indians, it had 1000 spacious railway quarters built in european style.
it also hosted a western culture institute that is standing till today as the legend of those glorious days.
the evolution in the mode of traction power from steam to diesel and diesel to electric caused the reduction of shed-activities and finally the steam shed at bitragunta was closed
the closure of the marshaling yard brought a complete closure to the glory of the railway town.
consequent upon the closure of the steam loco shed in bitragunta, the infrastructure, other equipment and land have not yet been utilized for any purpose.
but bitragunta still continues as a changing point for all up & down freight trains.
most of the express trains continue to halt here.
an art and mrv are still stationed at bitragunta.
the station still retains vestiges of the glorious past in form of its long platform and old buildings.
the remains of the steam shed and the roundhouse can still be seen today.it has the famous temples like sri prasanna venkateswara swamy temple , sai baba temple and lord
indian overseas bank
railway institute; near to railway station
sorry, conspiracy theory?
tda, your understanding of a conspiracy is clearly deficient.
prioryman's edits have been based on reliable sources...yours appear to be based on bias.
sorry, conspiracy theory?
tda, your understanding of a conspiracy is clearly deficient.
prioryman's edits have been based on reliable sources...yours appear to be based on bias.
dietjustice (talk) 01:17, 29 march 2013 (utc)
this is a very interesting article but i think it loses its way a little.
although it 's relevant that this technique was used by spain , from about halfway through the article the focus is almost purely on the history of execution in spain
please, i want to see old rankings.
i'm not a fan of the new rankings because of many glitches.
the current 201403 data is shown on new version, but when that data came out, the classic still had 2010 info.
i would appreciate it if one last change would happen.
then i'll stop.
thank you.
a great catholic person (talk) 02:42, 5 september 2014 (utc)
in september 2014, inkoom signd with d.c. united on a free transfer.
personal terms were not disclosed.
, , , thank you all for your replies , but i really want to ask whoever made this change to add user preference option - no one in wp
it looks like, after reading threads i' ve started , matma rex made this upsetting tech development .
if this does not get fixed, i get more and more angry until something bad happens to me.
see wikipedia:gadget/proposals#url updating.
a great catholic person (talk) 16:00, 28 september 2014 (utc)
after reading an earlier thread on this, you must be the one who made this change.
is it possible for you to make the preference of not updating url ?
why won't you make the option as well for people who do not like this ?
i'll stop complaining on here once that is available.
a great catholic person (talk) 16:50, 28 september 2014 (utc)
it is a common misconception that tigons are smaller than lions or tigers.
they do not exceed the size of their parent species because they inherit growth-inhibitory genes from the lioness mother , but they do not exhibit any kind of dwarfism or
shasta was the first ever liger cub born in united states.
today the united states is the home to the world's biggest population of ligers.
shasta the liger was born in 1948 in hogle zoo in salt lake city, utah.
shasta had the face of her father who was an african lion , whereas ; she had the back feet exactly that of her mother which is a siberian tigress
typically , with respect to ligers , their facial markings mostly resemble that of tigers ( unlike the statement in the magazine ligerworld.com which states with authority that the facial
maybe the magazine was talking about the overall facial appearance of shasta the liger).
however, shasta inherited the facial features of her father.
it also had dark brown stripes on its body as well which exactly shows the resemblance of both the lions and tigers.
the bhaja caves share architectural design with the karla caves.
the most impressive monument is the large shrine chaityagriha with an open , horseshoe-arched entrance ; according to the archaeological survey of india , the chaityagrha is the most prominent
the chaitrya has unique reliefs from indian mythology.
other caves have a nave and aisle, with an apse containing a solid tupa and the aisle circling round the apse, providing the circumambulation path.
the sculptures feature elaborate headdress, garlands, and jewellery; they might have originally been painted in bright colors but later covered with plaster.
characteristic for early buddhism, initially the caves had symbolic buddha representation.
after 4 a.d. buddha was painted in physical form as well.
it is a monastery with a verandah .
the door has guardian figures on both sides.
when it gets hot on the surface water evaporates and becomes steam or water vapour.
this hot water vapour rises.
as it rises it gets colder.
when it gets cold enough it turns back into water again.
this causes the clouds and rain.
it is called the water cycle.
the earth takes about 24 hours to complete one day and about 365 days to complete a year.
actually, the earth take 365.24 days to revolve around the sun.
after every four years, an extra day is added, and the year has 366 days.
this is a leap year.
the earth is , on average , 150 million kilometers away from the sun , and moving at a speed of 30 kilometers a second or 108,000 miles an hour
the moon orbits the earth at an average distance of 250,000 miles.
it is tidally locked to earth, which means it always has the same side facing the earth.
it takes roughly one month to complete one orbit.
the earth is part of the solar system and orbits the sun along with thousands of small objects and eight planets.
the sun , and therefore the solar system , are currently traveling through the orion arm of the milky way galaxy and will be for approximately the next 10,000 years
jack has a clothing line jagk with glamour kills.
category: list of lead vocalists
category: singers
the methodist womens fellowship branches in the districts are involved in the care of elders and the management of these homes.
the story of methodism in sri lanka is one of implicit faith, unshakable devotion and complete obedience to the masters call.
rev.
dr. thomas coke, was the right hand man of rev.
john wesley.
he was chiefly responsible for the overseas mission and set sail with a group of young missionaries from portsmouth harbor on 30 december 1813. on this voyage dr. coke was
and so, revds.
james lynch , thomas hall ( minister at leghorn ) , squance , and benjamin clough arrived at galle on 29 june 1814. while thomas , squance , and benjamin
established in october 1997, mossawa promotes equality for the arab minority living in israel .
mossawa is a non governmental organization operating in haifa, israel .
in arabic , `` mossawa '' means `` equality '' confirming the purpose of the organization , to promote the social , economic , cultural and political rights of the
arab citizens have been left behind in the development of the israeli state.
mossawa monitors the state budget and prepares reports demonstrating the discrimination against arabs implicit in the distribution of services.
mossawa takes on legal cases supporting the arab minority as in the case of the unrecognized neighborhood, wadi suya'h, in haifa.
mossawa joined other organizations in those arrested for demonstrating against the prawer-begin plan in the arab town of sakhneen on july 15, 2013.
mossawa also works closely with youth.
youth come to visit and work in local communities and learn about palestinian culture, customs and heritage.
destinations included haifa , taibeh , tamra , the destroyed village of al-damun , the negev bedouin village of al araqib , which has been repeatedly razed over the past
prior to joining hitachi solutions america , mike gillis was senior vice president of microsoft dynamics for hitachi consulting from june 1 , 2007 until march 31 , 2012. gillis
the canadaunited states softwood lumber dispute is one of the most significant and enduring trade disputes in modern history.
british columbia , the major canadian exporter of softwood lumber to the united states , was most affected , with recorded losses of 9,494 direct and indirect jobs between 2004
the heart of the dispute is the claim that the canadian lumber industry is unfairly subsidized by federal and provincial governments as most timber in canada is owned by provincial
the prices charged to harvest the timber ( the `` stumpage fee '' ) are set administratively , rather than through a competitive auction , which is the norm in
the united states claims that this constitutes an unfair subsidy , and is thus subject to u.s. trade remedy laws where foreign goods benefiting from subsidies can be subject to
the canadian government and lumber industry dispute the assertion that canadian timber is subsidized on a variety of bases , including that canadian timber is provided to so many industries
under u.s. trade remedy law, a countervailable subsidy must be specific to a particular industry.
this requirement precludes imposition of countervailing duties on government programs, such as roads, that are meant to benefit a broad array of interests.
in 2013 , ontario 's main international exports were motor vehicles and parts ( 34.2 % ) , precious metals and stones ( 12.3 % ) , mechanical equipment (
ontario 's main international imports were motor vehicles parts and accessories ( 21.7 % ) , mechanical equipment ( 14.2 % ) , electrical machinery ( 11.8 % ) ,
as a result of the jay treaty in 1794 , the fur trade spread to the northwest and the need for better transport facilities ( in addition to the population
6000 bushels of wheat were bought at kingston in 1799, and flour was sold in montreal and toronto in 1800 .
the american revolution , french revolution , and the napoleonic wars ( in addition to subsequent immigration from the war of 1812 ) greatly stimulated the burgeoning ottawa river timber
the st. lawrence became a monopoly route as other regions (like new york) lacked the waterways and rivers needed to transport timber.
between 1864 and 1866 , 400 million board feet of british north american lumber passed through new york , and wood exports to the states from canada were worth almost
all the while , the demand for wheat and other agricultural products was growing , but was subjected to considerably greater competition from other regions , and the livestock and
the hospital was created in august 1852 when the united states congress appropriated $ 100,000 for the construction of a mental hospital in washington , dc to provide care for
as early as the 1830s , local residents including dr. thomas miller , a local doctor and president of the d.c board of health , had been petitioning congress for
their efforts were given a significant boost when dorothea dix , a pioneering advocate for people living with mental illnesses , helped convince legislators of the need for the hospital
dix, who was on friendly terms with president millard fillmore , was asked to assist the secretary of the interior in getting the hospital started.
her first recommendation resulted in the appointment of dr. charles h. nichols as the hospital's first superintendent.
after his appointment in the fall of 1852 , nichols and dix began formulating a plan for the design and operation of the hospital as well as finding an appropriate
== shape and structure ==
== tectonic plates ==
== surface ==
== atmosphere ==
== weather, climate, and water cycle ==
== orbit and rotation ==
improvements to nasa-tlx by user:rmh1992 draft at user: rmh1992
providing descriptions for each measurement can be found to help participants answer accurately .
these descriptions are as follows:
while there are multiple ways to administer the nasa-tlx, some may change the results of the test.
one study showed that a paper-and-pencil version led to less cognitive workload than processing the information on a computer screen .
a global score is created using a weighting procedure with paired comparisons .
this requires the user to choose which measurement is more relevant to workload.
the number of time each is chosen is the weighted score.
the cebuano wikipedia is the cebuano-language edition of wikipedia.
cebuano is the second most spoken language in the philippines .
thumbnail| ocean park hong kong , a marine mammal park, oceanarium, animal theme park and amusement park in hong kong.
graham thomas condon ( 11 february 1949 8 september 2007 ) was a disabled athlete who won seven medals for new zealand competing in paralympic swimming and athletic events and
in 1939 , japan viciously made attempts to take over china.
they took the route of economic strangulation and seized coastal ports.
the united states , netherlands , and great britain didnt like this too much and froze japans assets by cutting off 90 % of raw materials that they were supplying
germany feared that the united stated would certainly get involved even further and decided to send 33 of his men to spy on the united states.
over three hundred messages were sent and two hundred were received about the united states national defense and wartime information.
the ring leader, fritz duquesne was even recorded in harrys office discussing ways to start a fire at industrial plants.
he shared photos and plans that he had stolen from a plant in delaware describing a new bomb that was being made in the united states.
another spy in the ring was making his own bomb and delivered the dynamite and detonation device to harrys office.
once enough information was gathered and the attack on pearl harbor occurred on december 7th 1941, the fbi decided to make arrest.
on december 13th , 30 men and 3 women , including ring leader duquesne were arrested in which 19 of them plead guilty and the rest were convicted and sentenced
over three hundred messages were sent and two hundred were received from germany.
information about the united states' national defense and wartime were shared.
the ring leader, frederick " fritz " duquesne was even recorded in harry's office discussing ways to start fires at industrial plants.
he shared photos and plans that he had stolen from a plant in delaware describing a new bomb that was being made in the untied states.
another spy in the ring was making a bomb of his own and delivered the dynamite and detonation device to harry's office.
once enough information was gathered and the attack on pearl harbor occurred on december 7th, 1941, the fbi decided to make arrests.
spd-smartglass is the worlds best-selling smart glass technology.
spd-smart light-control technology increases users control over their environment which provides better user comfort and well-being and improves energy efficiency.
the technology blocks over 99% uv light at all times and instantly switching uniformly regardless of glazing size in 1-3 seconds - faster than any known shading technology.
in cars, the range of light transmission for the technology is 50-60 times darker than a typical sunroof to twice as clear as an ordinary sunroof.
published data by mercedes-benz show that spd-smart technology can reduce cabin temperatures inside a vehicle by 18f, the difference between a sweltering 90f and a comfortable 72f.
other advantages include reduction of carbon emissions and the elimination of a need for expensive window dressings.
in suspended particle devices ( spds ) , a thin film laminate of rod-like nano-scale particles is suspended in a liquid and placed in between two pieces of glass or
when no voltage is applied, the suspended particles are randomly organized, thus blocking and absorbing light.
when voltage is applied, the suspended particles align and let light pass.
varying the voltage to the film varies the orientation of the suspended particles, thereby regulating the tint of the glazing and the amount of light transmitted.
spd-smart products can be manually or automatically tuned to precisely control the amount of light, glare and heat entering buildings and vehicles.
this reduces the need for air conditioning during the summer months and heating during winter.
spd-smartglass can be controlled through a variety of methods , such as automatic photosensors and motion detectors , smartphone applications , integration with intelligent building and vehicle systems , dials
research frontiers inc. , the developers and licensors of spd-smartglass , have built an infrastructure of over 40 licensees worldwide that collectively are capable of serving the growing global demand
spd-smartglass is the worlds best-selling smart glass technology.
spd-smart light-control technology increases users control over their environment which provides better user comfort and well-being and improves energy efficiency.
the technology blocks over 99% uv light at all times , instantly switching uniformly regardless of glazing size in 1-3 seconds - faster than any known shading technology.
in cars, the range of light transmission for the technology is 50-60 times darker than a typical sunroof to twice as clear as an ordinary sunroof.
published data by mercedes-benz show that spd-smart technology can reduce cabin temperatures inside a vehicle by 18f, the difference between a sweltering 90f and a comfortable 72f.
company_logo = |
in 1988 , the company designs and builds its first top drive after realizing there was a market for it leading to the release of top drive serial number 1.
esso owned five rigs but was not interested in keeping them.
canrig acquired esso rig #5 in 1989 with a loan from nabors industries.
the agreement stated nabors would operate the rig renaming it to nabors # 39. nabors had a 2 year option ( with 1 year extension ) to acquire canrig manufacturing
in 2011, offshore technology conference (otc) awarded canrig the "spotlight on technology award" for its suregrip ball-and-pocket gripping technology.
torque-matic floor wrench
suregrip casing running tool
control software
k-box suite
control cabin
power house
managed pressure drilling (mpd)
well logging
rigline 24/7
c-a-m .com/ forms / product .
"we pushed it as far as we could go.
"we tried to get a goddess feel", said make-up artist fran cooper.
behind the scenes footage and the making of "call on me" was documented on an episode of "access granted" before its official premiere.
the video premiered on july 26 , 2006 , also premiering in canada on muchmusic and ctv on july 27 , 2006. the music video for `` call on me
the music video is featured on the deluxe edition and itunes exclusive edition of 20 y.o.
the song debuted at no.
44 in late december 2008 in australia on the aria singles chart, and in early 2009 reached its peak of no.
26, becoming the seventh consecutive top 30 single for fall out boy in that region.
"america's suitehearts" also debuted at no.
78 on the billboard hot 100 in the united states, and received minor pop radio airplay to reach no.
30 on pop songs but failed to place on alternative songs.
it peaked at no.
76 on the uk singles chart.
the series was created by irna phillips, who based it on personal experiences.
after giving birth to a still-born baby at age 19 , she found spiritual comfort listening to the radio sermons of preston bradley , a famous chicago preacher and founder
it was these sermons that originated the idea of the creation of the guiding light, which began as a radio series.
the original radio series was first broadcast as 15-minute episodes on nbc radio, starting on january 25, 1937. the series was transferred to cbs radio during 1947.
spirited away ( 2001 ) is the highest-ranking animated film on `` the 25 best sci-fi and fantasy films of all time '' list published by the guardian , and
20 februaryan indian army hal cheetah helicopter collided with a hal pushpak near patiala airfield in india.
deserters , in addition to losing their wages , were now required to pay a 5 fine and were put into hard labour or 14-30 days at the nearest house
the punishment for time away from the ship without consent was the docking of two days pay for each day away.
for sailors who left the ship without completing the unloading of cargo, the penalty was forfeiting a full month of pay.
the act also provided seamen with additional protections.
prior to the act, vice admiralty courts had been very reluctant to liberate sailors from ships.
once the act was passed, courts were increasingly willing to allow liberation if contracts were broken.
one provision of the act ensured that mariners who joined a royal navy ship were entitled to the full pay they had earned from the ship they left behind.
mariners were generally successful in using the admiralty courts to escape prior contracts and collect the fees they had earned .
the australian electric vehicle association ( aeva ) is a charitable , non-profit organisation founded in 1973 to promote electric vehicles ( evs ) as a key to addressing oil
aeva envisions millions of electric vehicles, charged by off-peak electricity from renewable energy sources as a way to significantly reduce greenhouse gases that come from transportation.
the association has branchs established in adelaide , brisbane , canberra , melbourne , new england , perth and sydney
ahmed, a television repairman, makes a delivery to andr's place.
andr is senegalese and a former soldier.
he lives alone in a remote house and immediately wants to become friends with ahmed.
despite ahmed's resistance , a strange relationship grows between them, nurtured by music.
hi!
this is my page.
i'll probably put stuff here at some point.
recursion is sometimes used humorously in computer science , programming , philosophy , or mathematics textbooks , generally by giving a circular definition or self-reference , in which the putative
i am practicing making italic ' bold ' and ' bold italic '
i am practicing making italic bold and ' 'bold italic ' '
" i am practicing making italic bold and bold italic "
= ===heading 1.1.1 = ===
please leave me comments with your signature, thank you gvanstee (talk) 22:57, 16 february 2014 (utc)
please leave me comments with your signature, thank you gvanstee (talk) 22:57, 16 february 2014 (utc)
another possible cause of sleep paralysis is depression.
there is a correlation between depression and sleep disturbances, sleep paralysis being one of them.
in people that are depressed there is about an 11% frequency of people that have sleep paralysis.
the reasoning behind this is the depression causes disturbances in the rem sleep cycle.
- he never says something tastes like chicken.. not even chicken
- superman has pijamas with his logo
- his tears can cure cancer, too bad he never cries
- the circus ran away to join him
- bear hugs are what he gives bears
- he once brought a knife to a gunfight... just to even the odds
- when he meets the pope, the pope kisses his ring
- his friends call him by his name, his enemies don't call him anything because they are all dead
- he has never waited 15 minutes after finishing a meal before returning to the pool
- if he were to visit the dark side of the moon, it wouldn't be dark
- he once won a staring contest with his own reflection
- he can kill two stones with one bird
- his signature won a pulitzer
- when a tree falls in a forest and no one is there, he hears it
- he once got pulled over for speeding, and the cop got the ticket
- the dark is afraid of him
- sharks have a week dedicated to him
- his ten gallon hat holds twenty gallons
- no less than 25 mexican folk songs have been written about his beard
it is hunting season with horse riding hunters blowing horns to awake fox hunting dogs.
a number of smaller hounds come out of a giant dog house , followed by a large fox hound ( voiced by freberg ) who is excited by the prospect
the hunters and dogs then pass over bugs' hole, waking him, with the large fox hound lagging behind.
once bugs directs the larger fox hound to where the others went , bugs dons on a fox costume and begins to play tricks with the large fox hound ,
once the large hound realizes the difference, he runs back to the tree where bugs is now undressed.
the bunny giggles at the dog's intelligence.
at this point , bugs ( with his fox costume back on ) stamps fox tracks to mislead this hound , which lead to train tracks , which the dog
once the dog reaches bugs and tries to get him , bugs questions what kind of tracks the dog was following , which ends up putting the dog on the
meanwhile, the other dogs have caught up to bugs in his costume and he tries to evade them, but to no avail.
when he reveals that he is a rabbit, one of the dogs (voiced by blanc) declares that they are now after rabbits.
after a short chase , which includes bugs running through an open log , bugs then runs back into the log , and while the dogs run into it ,
while bugs is chuckling at their misfortune, the large fox hound sneaks up behind bugs, cuts bugs' tail off, and runs away with the tail.
bugs shrugs to the audience, "just call me stubby!".
he walks away, his cottontail missing.
preceding unsigned comment added by praveen.ujjain (talk contribs) 15:22, 25 august 2013 (utc)
hetampur is situated in jagdispur tehsil and is located in the bhojpur district of bihar.
it is one of 91 villages in the jagdispur block , along with villages like kataibojh and rangarua .it is an agricultural based village and in history it had rumours
that was called anaribagh and it is nowsomehow seperated from village due to deforestation and reckless and irresponsible nature of villagers .
hetampur is situated in jagdispur tehsil and is located in the bhojpur district of bihar.
it is one of 91 villages in the jagdispur block , along with villages like kataibojh and rangarua.it is an agricultural based village and in history it had rumours that
that was called anaribagh and it is nowsomehow seperated from village due to deforestation and reckless and irresponsible nature of villagers .this village is mounted on a garh and is
somnath_temple_bihar .jpg|holy somnath temple mentioned in shivpurana
somnath_temple_bihar .jpg|holy somnath temple mentioned in shivpurana
nearest railway station are bihiya , banahi and ara ,arrah which is densely connected with indian railways.
details of post office hetampur , bhojpur
district: bhojpur
state: bihar
contact address: postmaster, post office hetampur (branch office), bhojpur , bihar (br), india (in), pin code:- 802158
hetampur is situated in jagdispur tehsil and is located in the bhojpur district of bihar.
the police station is tiyar and pin code is 802158. it is one of 91 villages in the jagdispur block, along with villages like kataibojh and rangarua.
it is an agricultural based village and in history it had rumours that it had a dense forest under which light even cannot come.
that was called anaribagh and it is now somehow separated from village due to deforestation and reckless and irresponsible nature of villagers.
this village is mounted on a garh and is a very big village as compared to nearby.
self-objectification: relevance for the species and society
the seen, the spoken and the written: a semiotic approach to the problem of objectification of mathematical knowledge
a content analysis of "playboy" centrefolds from 1953 through 1990: changes in explicitness, objectification, and model's age
objectification and fantasy
"demonic objectification and fatal isolation": blake and the culture industry
feminist 'selves' and feminism's 'others': feminist representations of jamaat-e-islami women in pakistan
rematerializing feminism
being lovingly, knowingly ignorant: white feminism and women of color
sins of objectification?
agency, mediation, and community cultural self-determination in public folklore and cultural tourism programming
cajun mardi gras: cultural objectification and symbolic appropriation in a french tradition
vandenbosch, l., & eggermont, s. (2012).
understanding sexual objectification: a comprehensive approach toward media exposure and girls' internalization of beauty ideals, self-objectification, and body surveillance.
journal of communication, 62(5), 869-887.
these are pieces about philosophical or cultural objectification
these are the sexual objectification pieces
=== objectification ===
=== santayana, g. (2012).
=== objectified experience and the sense of freedom.
the retreat of the romanian army to moldova enabled him to discover the rustic and sacred arts of various romanian regions.
never separating from his notebook, he produced many drawings of folk art and traditional architectural styles that will inspire him later.
two reproductions of his watercolors of houses in chiinu ( bessarabia ) were published in 1926. in 1941 , he wrote an article dedicated to the romanian ancient art in
the middle east is home to some of the most female-oppressive countries, such as saudi arabia where women are not allowed to vote .
however, some countries, especially more liberal ones such as the united arab emirates, many women are making progress toward greater power .
most top and high-power positions in businesses and companies are held by men .
women currently hold 4.4 percent of fortune 500 ceo roles and 4.4 percent of fortune 1000 ceo roles.
research has shown a consistent difference favoring men in accessibility to, and utility of, resources for power.
thus, business and industry worldwide still sees a harsh split between the genders in terms of who has control.
a city under siege : tales of the iran-iraq war is a collection of nine stories from the sacred defense ( iran-iraq war ) by habib ahmadzadeh , an iranian
ahmadzadeh 's novelettes of a city under siege was entitled in 1999 as the best novelettes of the sacred defense in iran and was among the best of iran 20
paul sprachman, professor of rutgers university has translated the book from persian into english and mazda publishers has published it in 2010.
ahmadzadeh was born in 1964 in abadan.
he's got his ma of dramatic literature from tehran university of art.
ahmadzadeh contributed in writing the scripts of the glass agency, an umbrella for the director, the rig and some other movies.
chess with the doomsaday machine is the first work of ahmadzadeh.
ahmadzadeh tries to make connection with the reader in ' 'a city under siege ' ' most storties are told in the first person. '
'a city under siege ' ' is a solid collection of wartime stories.
ahmadzadeh relies heavily on certain tricks and has a few authorial tics, but he's a talented writer and these are effective, good stories.
the other sources should be taken with even more caution.
these include the forward , dailybeast , and jdupdates which all have bias ( some of these sources were rosenberg 's employers or published articles from rosenberg , others represent
: last is rosenberg's own blog which has strict rules when we could post.
i will try to minimize.
most of the information could be found in the reliable sources.
caseeart (talk) 05:12, 29 may 2014 (utc)
( although it is possible that at one point in time rosenberg wrote for some/all of these magazines but he is not a writer for those papers except for the
i think we are going back and forth repeating the same arguments.
i hope the administrator who will make the decision will understand my concern.
caseeart (talk) 02:25, 30 may 2014 (utc)
targ voiced complaints against wikipedia which wikipedians deny.
these include that wikipedia contains junk, and particularity that they call his work pseudoscience - a valid complaint.
targ among other researchers, voiced complaints against wikipedia which wikipedians deny.
these include that wikipedia contains junk, and particularity that they call his work pseudoscience - a valid complaint.
i just came across this article about russel targ editing his wikipedia page.
i added it to his bio page.
the article points out that targ is not versed in the ways of wikipedia and that some of his complaints about his bio page are valid ( definitely a reason
caseeart (talk) 05:36, 2 june 2014 (utc)
the ny post referred to failedmessiah as "social media".
by 1701, the mississauga had displaced the iroquois, who abandoned the toronto area at the end of the beaver wars.
edward hanlan
francis h. woods
born in sussex , england , he emigrated in the 1820s to virginia and late moved to ancaster in upper canada were he founded his first local paper , the
when york was incorporated in may 1834 as the city of toronto, gurnett was elected to the city council as the representive for st. georges ward.
during his 17 years on city council he served as mayor four times, in 1837, 1848, 1849, and 1850.
gurnett held many positions while on council.
in 1837 he was appointed as the cities first tory mayor and as magistrate of the home district and district clerk of the peace.
he sold `` the courier of upper canada '' in 1837. he held positions on committees that dealt with harbour and wharves , gas and waterworks , and education and
when york was incorporated in may 1834 as the city of toronto, gurnett was elected to the city council as the representative for st. georges ward.
during his 17 years on city council he served as mayor four times , in 1837 , 1848 , 1849 , and 1850. due to his long service on council
born in sussex , england , he emigrated in the 1820s to virginia and late moved to ancaster in upper canada were he founded his first local paper , the
he sold the courier of upper canada."
in 1837.
gurnett held many positions while on council.
in 1837 he was appointed as the cities first tory mayor and as magistrate of the home district and district clerk of the peace.
he held positions on committees that dealt with harbour and wharves , gas and waterworks , and education and was chairman of the board of health during the 1847 typhus
born in sussex , england , he emigrated in the 1820s to virginia and late moved to ancaster in upper canada were he founded his first local paper , the
he sold the courier of upper canada '' in 1837.
boris balkov ( balkoff )
he has little compassion for failure, and will not think twice about disposing of any boy who does not live up to his standards.
he is strict, but shows small shreds of patience with the stronger and more reliable young men whom he favors, such as tala and kai.
boris is voiced by takehito koyasu, and by tony daniels in english.
wikiref warriors v leigh centurions match report
wikiref stand out grundy with another man of the match performance
category:blackpool panthers players
grundy started his career in the wigan warriors youth system.
he was the first choice prop in the front row for the all-conquering alliance team, littered at the time with regular first team players.
he went on to gain a first team squad number under then wigan and great britian coach andy goodway , before a change of coaching and management staff lead to
in 2001 grundy was selected for wales , after mutually agreeing to terminate his contract with gateshead thunder with the three games of the season remaining , in order to
grundy started his career in the wigan warriors youth system.
he was the first choice prop in the front row for the all-conquering alliance team, littered at the time with regular first team players.
he went on to gain a first team squad number under then wigan and great britian head coach andy goodway , before a change of coaching and management staff lead
the crystal sands , jamaa township , coral canyons , mt.shiveer , kimbara outback , appondale , canyon pathway , bahari bay , deep blue , crystal reef , the
animal jam has several membership offerings ( 1 month , 6 months , or 12 months ) , as well as various gift card options available at retailers throughout the
each retailer has a special code with an exclusive type of playable animal.
membership grants players access to member-only animal avatars, virtual pets, additional customization options, and more.
also , keep track of the kangaroo memberships , arctic wolf membership , snow leopard , and lion now released in all game gift card shops such as `` toys
there are several forms of communication in the game that are all monitored by a safety chat filter , each with a variety of parent controlled safety chat options for
these options can be set using the parent dashboard associated with the child's account.
new accounts start out with restricted chat, which allows you to type from a preselected dictionary of words.
there is a bubble chat option that does not allow you to type although the user can select from a limited list of sayings.
the third type of chat option is safe chat or free chat, where the user can type whatever they want .
however it is still filtered through a safety chat and a warning will appear if you try to use potentially unsafe words that are not allowed.
other users will not see any message appear if your free-chat includes certain words or phrases.
you can also send jam-a-grams, which is the in-game mail system.
each jam-a-gram includes a background image selection, a stamp image selection and a list of sayings you can send.
member players with safe or restricted chat can also type a message but the safety chat filter is much more strict than in-game chatting.
you may also attach a gift to send to another user.
however, keep in mind that non-members cannot open any jam -a- gram gifts, though they can still send them to members.
interests
romantic relationships
updated may 11th , 2014
updated may 11th , 2014
updated may 18th , 2014
updated may 18th , 2014
pornpong pornjamsai is a professional footballer from thailand.
he currently plays for udon thani f.c.
in thai division 2.
this is a category for udon thani f.c.
footballers - past and present.
1st leg
2nd leg
justine uche prince is a professional footballer from nigeria.
he currently plays for thai division 2 side ubon umt.
(from phuket f.c.
in january)
(from rayong united f.c.
in january)
(from khon kaen f.c.
in january)
the township contains eleven cemeteries .
these are : browning, grammer, harrison, hickory corners, knight, moser, saint joseph, saint marys, smith and wayman.
much of mckenna mendelson mainline (mmm; see disambiguation at mmm)'s uniqueness stemmed from the originality of their approach to the blues genre.
in the summer of 1968 , toronto , canada blues guitarist mike mckenna ( born april 15 , 1946 in toronto ) , formerly of luke & the apostles ,
in replying to the ad , acoustic blues artist joe mendelson ( born july 30 , 1944 in toronto ) suggested to mckenna that the idea of searching for blues
nevertheless, the two worked well creatively and the basis of mckenna mendelson mainline's dynasty was formed.
much of mckenna mendelson mainline (mmm; see disambiguation at mmm)'s uniqueness stemmed from the originality of their approach to the blues genre.
in the summer of 1968 , toronto , canada blues guitarist mike mckenna ( born april 15 , 1946 in toronto ) , formerly of luke & the apostles ,
in replying to the ad , acoustic blues artist joe mendelson ( born july 30 , 1944 in toronto ) suggested to mckenna that the idea of searching for blues
nevertheless, the two worked well creatively and the basis of mckenna mendelson mainline's dynasty was formed.
his research interests as a mathematical epidemiologist relate to the mechanisms underlying the spread of disease, and their containment (prevention of spread) and elimination.
a 2006 editorial at arizona state university , a year after his arrival there , described him as one of the most prominent mathematicians in the country , an expert
muhammad bilal khan is rail corp security officer in sydney, australia.
he was born in mansehra, (nwf) pakistan.
he passed his matriculation from (bise) board of intermediate and secondary education abbottabad.
muhammad bilal khan is rail corp security officer in sydney , australia.
he was born in mansehra , ( nwfp ) pakistan .
he passed his matriculation from (bise) board of intermediate and secondary education abbottabad.
he completed his d.com from jinnah college of commerce and computer science mansehra , and than b.com form govt commerce college mansehra and finnally master of business administration form sarhad
after finish his master degree he was successfully finished ielts test and moved to sydney, australia for further education.
ielts is the combination of ( british council , ielts australia, and university of cambridge esol examination).
in 2011 he has completed diploma in business form bridge business college sydney.
and this is the first point to chose his carrier in professional accounting.
more research examples shall be given for research populations.
also there is a massive lack of citations, these shall be added into the final article.
.
the california verbal learning test (cvlt) is a short assessment that takes around 30 minutes to fully administer.
it was first created in 1987 and was revised in 2000 .
the wechsler memory scale (wms) is a series of tests that measure many different forms of memory.
it is also the only memory test to be co normed with the wechsler adult intelligence scale and test of premorbid functioning allowing comparison between memory and assessment of intelligence
it is one of the most common battery of memory tests used in the uk and usa.
it is considered to be one of the more demanding test batteries but has good sensitivity.
ecological validity is considered to be poor in the wms which may cause a lack in validity and cause predictability issues.
the wms is unsuitable for continued assessing of abilities overtime due to no parallel tests.
the wms-iii cite included word lists as an optional subtest , however with the update of wms-iv the word lists subtest is no longer included and is recommended to use
the participant will then complete either distractor tasks or other neuropsychological tests for 20 minutes.
they will then be asked to recall as many of the original 16 words from mondays shopping list as possible.
this measure can provide important details on how the information has been encoded through the use of chunking but also other encoding processes and strategies , such as the use
neuropsychological test
the california verbal learning test has been found to have good construct validity for episodic verbal learning and memory in both clinical and non-clinical populations .
individual validity and reliability scores have been found for seperate clinical populations , such as traumatic brain injury and multiple sclerosis , as well as overall validity and reliability measures
the california verbal learning test has been found to have good construct validity for episodic verbal learning and memory in both clinical and non-clinical populations .
thumbnail
at the basic level an olog is a category whose objects are represented as boxes containing sentences and whose morphisms are represented as directed labeled arrows between boxes.
the structures of the sentences for both the objects and the morphisms of need to be compatible with the mathematical definition of .
this compatibility cannot be checked mathematically, because it lies in the correspondence between mathematical ideas and natural language.
every olog has a target category, which is taken to be set, the category of sets and functions, unless otherwise mentioned.
in that case , we are looking at a set of amino acids , a set of amine groups , and a function that assigns to every amino acid its
in this article we usually stick to set, though sometimes using the kleisli category cp of the power set monad.
olog is a term that was coined from ontology ( onto- , from the greek , `` being ; that which is '' , present participle of the verb ``
the founder of abc show , ivan churilin , is an official representative of gun report in russia , one show ( new york ) , member of the jury
abc show was established on the 6th of november in 2002 and since that time expirienced rapid growth and became known all over the world.
the main idea of abc show best of the best the best from the world of advertising.
it includes commercials of the most significant advertising festivals and that take place in gunn report annual publication detailing the most successful print and television advertising campaigns of the year
all commercials and prints are translated into russian, voiced by both male and female voices.
all collection is shown in full hd.
the public always shows a great interest in prints exhibitions which take place on the abc show sites.
annually the show is opened by the representatives of international world festivals.
in 2013 the show was opened by philip thomas , the chief executive officer of cannes liones.
the best commercial of beer according to one show big ad for carlton draught.
this commercial has won gold lion award and became top-1 of gunn report 's rating , representing an example of high-performance commercial that has led to 20 % increase of
the funniest commercial according to adweek bear for john west company.
in this commercial , which is one of the best examples of successful viral marketing , takes place a fight between a man and a bear , fighting for a
ad hoc elections
user being reported:
39th ad hoc division
the optimized link state routing protocol for mobile ad hoc networks
the optimized link state routing protocol ( olsr ) is a link-state routing protocol optimized for mobile ad hoc networks ( which can also be used on other wireless ad
olsr is proactive, it uses hello and topology control (tc) messages to discover and disseminate link state information into the mobile ad hoc network.
using hello messages each node discovers 2-hop neighbor information and elects a set of multipoint relays (mprs).
mprs makes olsr unique from other link state routing protocols.
individual nodes use the topology information to compute next hop paths regard to all nodes in the network utilising shortest hop forwarding paths.
monitor mode , or rfmon ( radio frequency monitor ) mode , allows a computer with a wireless network interface controller ( wnic ) to monitor all traffic received from
unlike promiscuous mode , which is also used for packet sniffing , monitor mode allows packets to be captured without having to associate with an access point or ad hoc
monitor mode only applies to wireless networks, while promiscuous mode can be used on both wired and wireless networks.
monitor mode is one of the six modes that 802.11 wireless cards can operate in : master ( acting as an access point ) , managed ( client , also
atlantic airlines limited is a british cargo airline based in coventry, united kingdom.
it operates contract and ad hoc cargo flights worldwide, especially within europe and across the atlantic.
most of their flights depart from east midlands and bournemouth.
the airline specialises in the transport of dangerous goods and radioactive products and other specialist aerial work, including oil spill response, dispersant spraying and icing trials.
the prime activity of the business is the supply and operating of aircraft to night-time freight integrators and consolidators and the operation of ad hoc air charters on behalf of
in 2008 , logixml streamlined its commercial product offering , concentrating on logi info ( managed reporting , analysis and dashboarding ) , logi ad hoc ( ad hoc reporting
persons with latah mimic movements of other similar to the behavior that a child would exhibit during certain developmental stages.
conversion disorder is where you show the signs of mental distress in a physical way.
such ways include poor coordination or balance , paralysis in an arm or leg , difficulty swallowing or `` a lump in the throat '' , inability to speak ,
many of these symptoms are also associated with falling-out.
just as episodes of falling-out , episodes of conversion disorder are nearly always triggered by a stressful event , an emotional conflict or another mental health disorder , such as
the exact cause of conversion disorder is unknown , but the part of the brain that controls your muscles and senses may be involved , explaining why symptoms involve the
it may be the brain's way of coping with something that seems like a threat.
also similar to falling-out, symptoms of conversion disorder are likely to dissipate with time or once the person is calmed down and feels reassured.
boufee delirante is a culture-bound syndrome which is common in west africa and haiti.
it refers to a sudden outburst of aggression, and during the episode the person may see or hear things that aren't really there.
it also involved marked confusion and psychomotor excitement.
boufee delirante resembles a brief psychotic disorder that is found in the united states.this syndrome may also cause visual and auditory hallucinations or paranoia .
hassan is also doing studies for his bachelor's degree.
hassan was born into a muslim, sheikh family in lahore, of lahore district, punjab, in pakistan and educated in lahore.
hassan was born into a muslim, sheikh family in lahore, of lahore district, punjab, in pakistan and educated in lahore.
hassan went to ali public high school , lahore in 1994 , after getting 5 year education in o'level , in 1999 he moved to unique high school , where
he started d.a.e , diploma associates of engineering in electronics pak polytechnical college.
hassan is also doing studies for his bachelor's degree.
hassan was born into a muslim, sheikh family in lahore, of lahore district, punjab, in pakistan and educated in lahore.
hassan was born into a muslim, sheikh family in lahore, of lahore district, punjab, in pakistan and educated in lahore.
{ { cite web | url= | hassan went to ali public high school , lahore in 1994 , after getting 5 year education in o'level , in 1999 he
he started d.a.e , diploma associates of engineering in electronics pak polytechnical college.
hassan is also doing studies for his bachelor's degree.
hassan was born into a muslim, sheikh family in lahore, of lahore district, punjab, in pakistan and educated in lahore.
{ { cite web | url= | hassan went to ali public high school , lahore in 1994 , after getting 5 year education in o'level , in 1999 he
he started d.a.e , diploma associates of engineering in electronics from pak polytechnical college lahore .
hassan is also doing studies for his bachelor's degree.
hassan was born into a muslim, sheikh family in lahore, of lahore district, punjab, in pakistan and educated in lahore.
hassan went to ali public high school , lahore in 1994 , after getting 5 year education in o'level , in 1999 he moved to unique high school , where
he started d.a.e , diploma associates of engineering in electronics from pak polytechnical college, lahore.
hassan is also doing studies for his bachelor's degree.
this list was generated from these rules.
questions and feedback are always welcome!
the search is being run manually, but eventually will run ~daily with the most recent ~ 14 days of results.
note: some articles may not be relevant to this project.
rules | match log | last updated : 2013-11-12 19 : 39 (utc)
by started on 2013 - 11 - 11 , score: 60
by started on 2013 - 11 - 09 , score: 50
this variability has caused extreme famines among subsistence farmers in the region, exacerbated by the extreme imbalance of land ownership throughout the serto.
the worst of these famines, between 1877 and 1879, was said to have killed over half the region's population.
parts of the serto are recognized as a biodiversity hot-spot because of the unique flora.
because of the increased profit from the trade of coffee, the years after 1850 saw considerable growth and prosperity in brazil.
dom pedro ii proved to be an enlightened man of middle-class habits who was anxious to reign over a tranquil and progressive nation , even if that tranquility was based
railroads, steamships and the telegraph were introduced to brazil, all paid for by the money the fazendas supplied from their coffee crop.
in growing cities such as rio de janeiro and so paulo , merchants , lawyers , a middle class , and an urban working class grew , once again paid
in january 2004 , the government succumbed to an ultimatum from their coalition partner , the islami oikya jote , and the extremist vigilante khatme nabuwat movement to declare that
not wishing to lose its majority, ahmadiyya publications were declared illegal by the government.
a constitutional court suspended the ban, but islamist groups are threatening legal challenge to this.
added to the natural differences with their former brethren in the roman church was a campaign of persecution directed by certain elements of the .
when the power level of 200 mw was eventually achieved, preparation for the experiment continued.
as part of the test plan, extra water pumps were activated at 01:05 on 26 april, increasing the water flow.
the increased coolant flow rate through the reactor produced an increase in the inlet coolant temperature of the reactor core ( the coolant no longer having sufficient time to release
unit 1: sundancer-one module, with a pressurized volume of 180 cubic meters (m3), (unoccupied)
emma is a proof-of-principle machine ; the experience gained in building this machine will be useful for future muon accelerators ( which could be used in neutrino factories ) ,
right .
i can change it manually for each wiki, but setting it globally somewhere or running a script would be faster .
--mfb (talk) 22:14, 23 october 2014 (utc)
what?
no one ever said that wikipedia was even good, let alone ready to be finished!
many have suggested that with more than two million articles written , there ca n't be that many more to write , and have partly in response to external pressure
a shift in focus from quantity to quality has taken place in itself a good thing, but it has brought problems.
the project has stopped looking forward ("wow, we have a million articles!")
and started looking back ("oh no, most of our articles are rubbish!
").
queen
queen
alternatives to deletion
non-free content
www.google.com google
87% of people are happy with what they've done with their life.
war and peace </h6>
< h1 >
war and peace </ h1 >
< h2 >
war and peace </ h2 >
< h3 >
not rubber bullets.
ayman mohyeldin of nbc news and others noted that the deaths of these palestinian teenagers were an alternative trigger point to the subsequent major israel-gaza conflict.
rachel shabi of al jezeera echoed the validity of earlier events : `` why not wind back , for instance , to the two palestinian teenagers , nadem syam nawara
mainstream western media ascribe the initiation of the major 2014 conflict to the kidnapping of the three israeli teenagers.
some news analysts believe that earlier clashes might also have played a role in the chain of events.
on 15 may two palestinian teenagers were shot dead during the nakba commemorations in the beitunia killings.
an autopsy report published on 9 july proved their deaths to be due to "live fire", i.e.
not rubber bullets.
ayman mohyeldin of nbc news and others noted that the deaths of these palestinian teenagers were an alternative trigger point to the subsequent major israel-gaza conflict .
rachel shabi of al jezeera echoed the validity of earlier events : `` why not wind back , for instance , to the two palestinian teenagers , nadem syam nawara
two days after the publication of the autopsy report on the cause of death of one of the victims of the beitunia killings , the three israeli teenagers were abducted
2008 six-month ceasefire
number of mortar & rocket hits in israel after its palestinian legislative election, 2006, hamas assumed administrative control of gaza.
hamas consolidated this control over gaza after a military conflict with fatah.
israel and egypt then partially sealed their border crossings with gaza, on the grounds that fatah was no longer providing security.
they imposed a blockade on the territory, prohibiting many exports and allowing only enough imported goods to avert a humanitarian or health crisis.
after many acts of violence, foreign journalists left the gaza strip due to the lack of security in the zone.
for the next 5 months of the ceasefire, attacks from gaza decreased significantly cumulating in 19 rocket and 18 mortar shell launchings in total.
compared to 1199 rockets and 1072 mortar shells in 2008 up to 19 june, a reduction of 98%.
zimbabwe votes in a referendum over a constitution draft that may pave the way for elections later this year.
france formally confirms death of islamist commander abdelhamid abou zeid, a senior al-qaeda in the islamic maghreb in february , after dna tests .
(bbc)
eurozone finance ministers approve the deal , which includes a radical downsizing of the island's russian-fueled financial sector .
(reuters)
india 's supreme court rejects a plea by novartis to patent an updated version of its cancer drug , glivec , amid concerns that a patent could threaten access to
(bbc)
hundreds of egyptian students angered by an outbreak of food poisoning at al-azhar university that affected 479 students , storm the offices of ahmed el-tayeb , the grand imam of
(abc news)
; international relations
hamdiya was member of the palestinian authority and had been detained in prison since 2002. he was admitted to soroka medical center in late march , where he died soon
he had previously accused israeli prison authorities of medical neglect and said he was only being given pain killers.
south korea 's police stops a planned launch of anti-north korea leaflets across the border , as the government of south korea seeks to open dialogue with the north and
(afp via channel newsasia)
nicolas maduro wins a narrow victory in venezuela's presidential election over henrique capriles.
maduro is due to be sworn in as president of venezuela on 19 april and is set to serve until january 2019 , to complete the term of recently deceased
(bbc), ( ''the hindu ' ')
goa chief minister manohar parrikar rejects a plan by the adult entertainment company playboy to open its first club in india.
pixmania was founded in 2000 and is a european e-commerce website having sales over $1,041,440,000.
it promotes a variety of products including consumer electronics and baby products.
it operates a website and runs brick -and-mortar retail stores in europe.
it claims to be active in 26 countries.
hibiscus tea also contains , which are believed to help prevent an increase in ldl cholesterol, which can increase the buildup of plaque in the arteries.
rockas grupo colombiano rock & pop latino , se consolido en septiembre del 2002 , ahora con 10 aos de trabajo y 3 producciones musicales ; en silencio , ``
en el ao 2010 y 2012 tambin apoyaron conciertos en homenaje de los soldados y policas heridos en combate, con la fundacin colombia herida.
rockas ha participado en diversos eventos en europa, espaa, francia, italia, ecuador y colombia .
rockas grupo colombiano rock & pop latino , se consolido en septiembre del 2002 , ahora con 10 aos de trabajo y 3 producciones musicales ; en silencio , ``
gronkh (erik range)
erik range ( born on 10 april 1977 , in brunswick , germany ) , also known by the alias gronkh , is known for creating and publishing playthroughs of
he publishes these playthrough videos on youtube and markets them through the company playmassive gmbh.
gronkh is one of the most popular representatives of the let's play genre in germany.
erik range first gained notoriety in the game environment as a guide for bard characters of the online role playing game meridian 59 , where he first appeared under the
range himself explains the origin of his pseudonym, often jokingly referred to as portmanteau of the name " gregor onkh " .
since january 2009 he has been managing partner of play massive gmbh (which he co-founded), a site about computer games.
also co-founder, shareholder and manager of the company since 2009 is matthias valentin rahmel from dormagen.
rahmel operates online under the pseudonym sarazar, and collaborates with range on youtube.
since 2010, range has regularly published let's-play videos, using the name gronkh, in which he shows, and comments, on his progress in various games.
on 1 april 2010 he published for the first time, initially dubbed a test recording for online game allods online on his youtube channel.
since then, he has become one of the most popular german-speaking providers of these formats.
in addition, his youtube channel with over 2.3 million subscribers and over 800 million video views is one of the most successful channels of the portal.
in the original hobby fueled scene, he is one of the first commercial german creators and providers of such videos.
his work is supported by game manufacturers, who hope to create promotions for their products through cooperation.
recently, the game developers of daedalic reported an increase in sales of edna bricht aus after range discussed the game on his channel.
since early 2012, gronkh is registered as a trademark to playmassive gmbh, the german patent and trademark office.
his drag character, jinkx, identifies as jewish.
hoffer also suffers from narcolepsy, which he revealed in the season premiere of rupaul's drag race.
worries of an obesity epidemic and its related illnesses have inspired many local government officials in the united sates to propose to limit or regulate fast-food restaurants.
however, some areas are more affected than others.
in los angeles county , for example, about 45% of the restaurants in south central los angeles are fast-food chains or restaurants with minimal seating.
by comparison, only 16% of those on the westside are such restaurants.
the new york times commended livni for `` refusing the extortionist conditions set by shas , '' and endorsed her candidacy for prime minister , saying israelis would have ``
although it expressed some doubts, the israeli newspaper haaretz also endorsed livni for prime minister.
since 18 march 2013 she has served as the israeli minister of justice under prime minister benjamin netanyahu , as leader of the liberal hatnuah party , which won 6
she is also charged with overseeing the country's diplomatic initiatives and peace talks with the palestinians.
pieter-dirk uys is a south african satirist, active as a performer, author, and social activist.
`` the u.s. says a palestinian state should be established alongside israel , with the border between them based , with some modifications , on israel 's 1967 frontier ,
the reut institute is a nonpartisan and nonprofit policy think tank in tel aviv designed to provide real-time, long-term strategic decision-support to israeli policymakers.
an independent research center, it is one of israel's most prominent strategy groups.
the four-year degree program teaches a broad curriculum similar to those found in american liberal arts colleges.
the college believes this contrasts with most universities in israel , which it says were `` founded by european immigrants and patterned on the classic german research university , and
the college plans to use use financial incentives to encourage students to be active in campus life.
history and academia
students and faculty
merged and joined saafl - camden ( merged with greek fc)
clubs in bold indicate teams playing in the final season (1986)
1983 sfl division 1
1989 safa division 2
1978 flinders park
1984 pooraka
1986 payneham
1983 henley district and old scholars
1978 edwardstown
1981 mount lofty district
1969 hectorville
!
club !!
years participating !!
notes
!
club !!
years participating !!
notes
jatt is chutiya is a universal truth lord shiva
jatt is chutiya lord shiva
jatt is chutiya lord shiva
is a collection of sanskrit hymns by gorakh sinha during the early medieval period.
a tribrach is an attachment plate used to attach a surveying instrument, for example a theodolite, total station, gnss antenna or target to a tripod.
a tribrach allows the survey instrument to be repeatedly placed in the same position with sub-millimetre precision, by just loosening and re-tightening a locking handle or lever.
a tribrach is an attachment plate used to attach a surveying instrument, for example a theodolite, total station, gnss antenna or target to a tripod.
a tribrach allows the survey instrument to be repeatedly placed in the same position with sub-millimetre precision, by just loosening and re-tightening a locking handle or lever.
the device consists of two triangular metal plates connected at their corners by levelling thumbscrews , a bubble level , a locking mechanism and an often an optical plummet.
in the bottom plate of the tribrach there is a 5/8-11 unc thread bolt hole which is used to attach the tribrach to the tripod.
in the top plate of the tribrach there are three small holes and a locking mechanism which allows a survey instrument to be placed into the tribrach and locked in
a tribrach is an attachment plate used to attach a surveying instrument, for example a theodolite, total station, gnss antenna or target to a tripod.
a tribrach allows the survey instrument to be repeatedly placed in the same position with sub- millimetre precision, by just loosening and re-tightening a locking handle or lever.
the device consists of two triangular metal plates connected at their corners by levelling thumbscrews, a bubble level, a locking mechanism and an often an optical plummet.
in the bottom plate of the tribrach there is a 5/8-11 unc thread bolt hole which is used to attach the tribrach to the tripod.
in the top plate of the tribrach there are three small holes and a locking mechanism which allows a survey instrument to be placed into the tribrach and locked in
a tribrach is an attachment plate used to attach a surveying instrument, for example a theodolite, total station, gnss antenna or target to a tripod.
a tribrach allows the survey instrument to be repeatedly placed in the same position with sub-millimetre precision , by just loosening and re-tightening a locking handle or lever.
the device consists of two triangular metal plates connected at their corners by levelling thumbscrews, a bubble level, a locking mechanism and an often an optical plummet .
in the bottom plate of the tribrach there is a 5/8-11 unc thread bolt hole which is used to attach the tribrach to the tripod.
in the top plate of the tribrach there are three small holes and a locking mechanism which allows a survey instrument to be placed into the tribrach and locked in
some modern total stations have a laser plummet which allows the instrument to be positioned over a survey monument or control point.
other tribrachs have an optical plummet with either a bullseye or cross hair sight for positioning the instrument.
lots of viruses and some bacteria use host-sialylated structures as targets for binding and recognition.
it also happens with some bacterial toxins.
in the case of viruses that bind sia via a hemagglutinin, usually express a sialidase (neuraminidase) that adds to the same receptor.
after several researches, the term sialidase is becoming an alternative instead of using the traditional term neuraminidase.
lots of viruses and some bacteria use host-sialylated structures as targets for binding and recognition.
it also happens with some bacterial toxins.
in the case of viruses that bind sia via a hemagglutinin, usually express a sialidase (neuraminidase) that adds to the same receptor.
after several researches, the term sialidase is becoming an alternative instead of using the traditional term neuraminidase.
there are other immunological functions for bacterial sialidases that are now becoming evident.
for example, there is evidence that free sia can behave as a signal to some specific bacteria, like pneumococcus.
it is possible that free sialic acid may help the bacterium to recognize that it has reached a vertebrate environment which is suitable for its colonization.
it has been proved that modifications of sias , such as the n-glycolyl group at the 5 position or o-acetyl groups on the side chain , may reduce the action
more studies are needed to understand the significance of this inhibitory effect.
scientists investigate about the functions of sialic acid , and nowadays they are trying to demonstrate if sialic acid has a relationship with fast brain growth and if it produces
an important food of our nutrition when we were younger has an important roll on these studies: human milk.
it has been demonstrated that human milk contains high levels of acid sialic- glycoconjugates.
in fact a study shows that, premature and full-term breast-fed at five months of age had more salivary sialic acid than formula fed infants.
however all human milk does not have the same amount of sialic acid: it depends of genetic inheritance, lactation, etc.
the book includes text , over 100 of darack 's color photographs of the coastline , and a 16-map full-color atlas of the coastline at a scale of 1:50,000 created
darack's photographs have appeared on the covers of a number of magazines, corporate brochures, and books.
the covers of books on which his images have appeared include the hardcover of where men win glory: the odyssey of pat tillman by jon krakauer .
darack's photographs have appeared on the covers of a number of magazines, corporate brochures, and books.
the covers of books on which his images have appeared include the hardcover of where men win glory: the odyssey of pat tillman by jon krakauer.
published by random house, where men win glory peaked at number 2 on the new york times best seller list on the week of october 4, 2009.
darack's photographs have appeared on the covers of a number of magazines, corporate brochures, and books.
the covers of books on which his images have appeared include the hardcover of where men win glory: the odyssey of pat tillman by jon krakauer.
published by random house , where men win glory peaked at number 2 on the new york times best seller list on the week of october 4 , 2009. darack
darack's photographs have appeared on the covers of a number of magazines, corporate brochures, and books.
the covers of books on which his images have appeared include the hardcover of where men win glory: the odyssey of pat tillman by jon krakauer.
published by random house , where men win glory peaked at number 2 on the new york times best seller list on the week of october 4 , 2009. darack
darack's image of cerro torre was used on the cover of reinhold messner's book, grido di pietra, published by the italian publisher corbaccio.
darack 's image , photographed using night vision goggles of a united states air force special operations weather technician during nighttime airborne training was used on the cover of the
magazine article authorship
wild winds : adventures in the highest andes , an adventure travel narrative , chronicles darack 's ascents of and travels throughout the highest peaks of the andes of south
ascents include those of aconcagua , the highest mountain in south america , argentina , the western hemisphere , and the southern hemisphere ( one of the seven summits ,
published by alpenbooks on november 1, 2001, wild winds was cited by the new york times on the subject of the "death zone."
osprey at war : can the mv-22 pass muster in afghanistan ? , air & space / smithsonian , may , 2011 : darack embedded , including flight time as
when comparing these similar characteristics he better understood the origin of motivation of criminal behavior.
published his book called the criminal man.
lumbroso studied 383 italian inmates.
based on his studies, he suggested that there were three types of criminals.
born criminals which meant these people are degenerates and the insane criminals are ones that suffer a mental illness.
also he studied and found specific physical characteristics.
a few examples include asymmetry of the face, eye defects and peculiarities, ears of unusual size and etc.
a renowned italian psychologist cesare lumbroso ( 1835-1909 ) was thought to be one of the first criminologist to attempt to formally classify criminals based on age , sex ,
when comparing these similar characteristics he better understood the origin of motivation of criminal behavior.
published his book called the criminal man.
lumbroso studied 383 italian inmates.
based on his studies, he suggested that there were three types of criminals.
born criminals which meant these people are degenerates and the insane criminals are ones that suffer a mental illness.
also he studied and found specific physical characteristics.
a few examples include asymmetry of the face, eye defects and peculiarities, and ears of unusual size and etc.
criminal profiling is a process now known in the federal bureau of investigation (fbi) as criminal investigative analysis.
pro-filers , or criminal investigative analysts , are trained and experienced law enforcement officers who study every behavioral aspect and detail of an unsolved violent crime scene in which a
the characteristics of a good pro-filer are discussed.
five behavioral characteristics that can be cleaned from the crime scene are described : 1 ) amount of planning that went into the crime , 2 ) degree of control
editor proofs staff and network of professional editors and writers proofread, edit and rewrite documents, and draft content for reports, news releases and websites.
editor proofs clients include individuals, businesses, non-governmental organizations and agencies of the united nations .
proofreading : correcting grammar, spelling and punctuation
copy editing : correcting grammar, spelling and punctuation and improving sentence structure
content editing : correcting grammar, spelling and punctuation, improving sentence structure and enhancing content for meaning and clarity
writing : drafting original content based on clients needs and information
rewriting : rephrasing texts to more effectively communicate the content
translation from english into french and french into english
website content development and design
media campaigns
communication strategies
editor proof offers workshops for students and professionals to improve their written communication skills.
the company offers both private lessons and classes for groups.
through hands-on methods that teach how to compose, structure and enhance the written word, the instructors tailor the classes to the needs of the participants.
the curriculum is adapted to suit schools , businesses and other organizations , and can be offered as a one-day workshop or as a series of sessions over several days
writing for online media: ensures that websites, blogs and social media tools deliver messages effectively by being concise and relevant
effective correspondence: instructs how to draft professional and succinct letters and emails
effective presentations: shows how to use the powerpoint business communication tool to illustrate and complement verbal presentations
editor proof provides information technology services that focus on high-quality systems performance management and providing personalized it-related activities.
st mellons is a district and suburb of eastern cardiff, the capital city of wales.
historically in monmouthshire , st mellons became part of south glamorgan and cardiff in 1974. it consists of old st mellons and a newer , much larger area of modern
historically in lancashire, the village, with the passage of the local government act 1972, became part of the metropolitan borough of bury.
historically in cumberland , longtown is the location of the largest sheep market in england , and is close to the site where the battle of solway moss was fought
though up until 2008 longtown had its own secondary school, lochinvar school.
carlisle ( or , from cumbric: caer luel) is a city and the county town of cumbria.
historically in cumberland, it is also the administrative centre of the city of carlisle borough in north west england.
carlisle is located at the confluence of the rivers eden, caldew and petteril, south of the scottish border.
it is the largest settlement in the county of cumbria, and serves as the administrative centre for both carlisle city council and cumbria county council.
at the time of the 2001 census, the population of carlisle was 71,773, with 100,734 living in the wider city.
10 years later, at the 2011 census, it was estimated the city's population had risen 6.6%, to 107,500.
elswick is a ward of the city of newcastle upon tyne, england, in the western part of the city, bordering the river tyne.
historically in northumberland, the population of the ward is 11,325, 4.4% of the total population of newcastle upon tyne.
car ownership in the area is 33%: this is much lower than the city average of 54.7%.
historically in lancashire, the name litherland is a hybrid name, from old norse hli/hlith-ar which means "slope" and old english land "land".
historically in lancashire, the name walmersley is said to be derived from old english, and translates as waldmer's wood, or clearing.
meols is a village on the northern coast of the wirral peninsula, england.
it is contiguous with the larger town of hoylake, situated immediately to the west.
historically in cheshire, since 1 april 1974 it has been a part of the metropolitan borough of wirral in the metropolitan county of merseyside.
blackledge co-wrote the hit "runaway" with stephen barker liles of love &theft.
(liles is a musician often cited as the inspiration for taylor swift's song "hey stephen," from her second studio album "fearless."
"runaway" reached no.
10 on the billboard hot country songs chart.
rob blackledge is originally from madison, mississippi and toured as a solo artist while attending nashville's belmont school of music business.
blackledge co-wrote the hit "runaway" with stephen barker liles of love &theft.
(liles is a musician often cited as the inspiration for taylor swift's song "hey stephen," from her second studio album "fearless."
"runaway" reached no.
10 on the billboard hot country songs chart.
blackjack billy is an american country rock group formed in 2011 and based in nashville, tennessee.
members rob blackledge ( vocals , guitar ) , noll billings ( vocals ) , jeff coplan ( guitar ) , patrick cornell ( bass ) , and brad cummings
in the spring of 2013 , blackjack billy 's single `` booze cruise '' became the biggest-selling song on itunes for the first half of the year by any band
siriusxm satellite radio's new country channel .org/wiki/ the highway ( sirius xm ) the highway had started playing playing the song as a highway "find."
the band is currently touring the u.s. and discussing contract option with record labels.
brainard also has one of the largest daily audiences of any country music radio personality in north america , as the morning host on `` the highway , '' siriusxm
the siriusxm satellite platform has more than 25 million subscribers as of the spring of 2013. in addition , brainard currently hosts a syndicated weekly alternative country show , ``
brainard first gained notoriety as a voice-over artist after becoming the `` smart aleck '' narrator with a cult-following on the syndicated television show maximum exposure , also known as
as a sports announcer , brainard hosted `` this week in baseball '' on fox ( taking over for the late mel allen ) from 2000 until the show ended
he took over the voice of rotor the walrus on the abc television show sonic the hedgehog during its run.
joining hunter biden on the burisma board of directors is aleksander kwaniewski, named in january.
kwaniewski was president of the republic of poland from 1995 to 2005 during the g. w. bush presidency.
chairman of burisma is the wall street former merrill lynch investment banker alan apter.
finally , burisma also at the same time named to the board devon archer , hunter bidens partner at the us investment firm , rosemont seneca partners , and a
archer also sits on the board of the familys howard j. heinz trust.
so with these two board appointments in april , burisma gained the son of the vice president of the united states and the financial adviser to the family of the
in april 2014 , burisma holdings appointed vadym pozharskyi -- who used to be a gef focal point in ukraine as well as the deputy head of the state environmental
hunter biden 's father joe biden traveled to kiev on april 22 , 2014 and urged the ukraine government `` ... to reduce its dependence on russia for supplies of
and he discussed how the united states could help provide technical expertise for expanding domestic production of natural gas.
some accuse the united states of maneuvering the ukraine situation so that western oil companies have unfettered access to shale gas ( from `` fracking '' ) and to drill
with the revelations that hunter biden serves on the board of the ukrainian company burisma , many raised concerns about hunter biden 's interests conflicting with offical us government positions
the white house has dismissed nepotism charges against biden's son.
but the director of the us-ukraine business council morgan williams pointed to an `` american tradition that frowns on close family members of government working for organizations with business links
williams stated biden appears to have violated this unwritten principle : `` ... when you 're trying to keep the political sector separate from the business sector , and reduce
kolomoisky was appointed `` governor of dnipropetrovsk oblast '' , precisely the region where ukraines shale gas deposits lie and he has raised his own private army to wage war
in january 2014 , the daily telegraph said that western intelligence sources believed that the syrian government had made secret oil deals with isil and al-nusra front , and that
however, such allegations, that the syrian government has actively colluded with isis , have also been described as "conspiracy theories" and dismissed as being untrue.
!
data-sort-type="number" | case fatality rate
=== early life and career: ===
=== notable photographs and work: ===
=== controversy: ===
=== books: ===
=== awards & exhibitions: ===
his most recognized portraits include those of steve martin, andy samberg, chris farley, chloe sevigny, and nick offerman.
buck has also photographed many important american politicians, including presidents barack obama, george w. bush, and george h. w. bush.
buck has also directed several videos for clients such as gq, wired, and viagra.
in 2012 bucks first monograph, presence: the invisible portrait was released by german publisher kehrer verlag.
presence features 50 portraits in which the celebrity subjects are fully hiding, and therefore are not visible in the photographs.
the book garnered press coverage worldwide, as well as receiving some awards.
his awards include the arnold newman prize for his portraiture , pdns notable books 2012 and german book award 2013 selected title for his book presence , and lurzers archive
his work has appeared in : american photography ( 35 times ) , photo district news photo annual ( 22 times ) , and the communication arts photography annual (
chris buck (born july 29, 1964) is a new york-based photographer known for his unconventional portraits.
in the spring of 2010 photos he took for a diesel ad campaign that encouraged consumers to be stupid.
some ads were banned in the uk.
it is caused by a mutation in the wrn gene, which encodes proteins that are important for maintaining genetic stability.
the mutation often causes chromosomal abnormalities, premature cell aging, and defective dna replication.
clinically , people with werner syndrome can develop symptoms of aging as early as the age of 20 , including graying of hair , hair loss , bone fragility ,
complications and associated comorbities of werner syndrome include heart disease, type ii diabetes, and cancer.
treatments are available for only the symptoms or complications and not for the disease itself.
identified in 1996, the wrn gene is located on the short arm of chromosome 8 and made up of 35 exons.
it produces a enzymatic protein that acts as both a helicase , which is important for unwinding dna , and as a exonuclease , which cleaves nucleotides from a polynucleotide
the protein, symbolized as wrnp, contains several functional domains.
there are three exonucleus domains in the n-terminus region, seven recq dna helicases in the central region, and a ribonucleas helicase d localizes in the c-terminus region.
recq helicases are a special type of helicase that function at unique times during dna repair of doubled stranded breaks , which are a form of dna damage that results
thus, recq helicases are important for maintaining dna stability, and loss of function of these helicases have important implications in the development of werner syndrome.
identified in 1996, the wrn gene is located on the short arm of chromosome 8 and made up of 35 exons.
it produces an enzymatic protein that acts as both a helicase , which is important for unwinding dna , and as a exonuclease , which cleaves nucleotides from a polynucleotide
the protein, symbolized as wrnp, contains several functional domains.
there are three exonucleus domains in the n-terminus region, seven recq dna helicases in the central region, and a ribonucleas helicase d localizes in the c-terminus region.
recq helicases are a special type of helicase that function at unique times during dna repair of doubled stranded breaks , which are a form of dna damage that results
thus, recq helicases are important for maintaining dna stability, and loss of function of these helicases have important implications in the development of werner syndrome.
mutations which cause werner syndrome all occur at the regions of the gene which encode for protein, and not at non-coding regions.
there are currently 35 different known mutations of wrn, which correspond to stop codons, insertions, or deletions that result in a frame-shift mutation.
received many favorable reviews.
maximum rocknroll called the e.p.
passionate, high-velocity thrash and suburban voice noted that the e.p.
was "pure aggression."
after demo tape #1 was released, no fraud received offers from many national and international record companies including caroline records, poshboy records and rotten records .
the band released their first 7-inch ep, titled the e.p.
on no clubs!
records in 1986. no fraud formed their own label and a second pressing of the e.p.
was released on truth records in 1986. the e.p.
received many favorable reviews.
maximum rocknroll called the e.p.
passionate, high-velocity thrash and suburban voice noted that the e.p.
was "pure aggression."
in 1991, no fraud released the album love & massmurder on mind control records.
the album features a demo no fraud recorded in 1989 titled cheezier than thou.
love & massmurder also contains the out-of-print 1986 e.p .
and hard to the core.
three more more tracks from the hard to the core sessions are also included on the album: "l.i.f.e."
from the compilation revenge of the kamikaze from outer space , `` changes '' from the compilation the north atlantic noise attack and `` aggression '' from the attack is
in 2007 the becta framework was introduced, which required every secondary school to have a learning platform.
at the time frog were too small to be included on the framework.
in time however, not being part of the becta framework gave frog the chance to differentiate their product offering to schools.
international growth :
'''frogtrade
", " what is life all about ?
", and " what is the purpose of existence ?"
it has been the subject of much philosophical, scientific, and theological speculation throughout history.
there have been a large number of proposed answers to these questions from many different cultural and ideological backgrounds.
where do we come from?
what are we?
where are we going?one of post-impressionist paul gauguin's most famous paintings.
the meaning of life is a philosophical question concerning the significance of life or existence in general.
it can also be expressed in different forms, such as "why are we here?
", " what is life all about ?
", and " what is the purpose of existence ?"
it has been the subject of much philosophical, scientific, and theological speculation throughout history.
there have been a large number of proposed answers to these questions from many different cultural and ideological backgrounds.
angarano was born in brooklyn, new york, the son of doreen and michael p. angarano.
he is of italian descent.
his family owns and operates three successful dance studios ; two in new york ( brooklyn and staten island ) and one in california ( los angeles ) called reflections
his mother is the owner and director of all three.
kristen, his older sister, is the co-director of the la studio and is the manager of the ny studios.
younger sister erica teaches at the la studio, while going to school at san diego state university.
he is a fan of gulliver mcgrath.
most of his art works, and animations/films are made via cgi (computer generated imagery).
he loves to play his violin, and browses wikipedia in his spare time editing pages that have been vandalized (he doesn't use the wikipedia stiki tool.
category:august
following romulus augustus deposition , according to the historian malchus , upon hearing of the ascension of zeno to throne , the senate in rome sent an embassy to the
the message was clear: the west no longer required a separate emperor, for "one monarch sufficed to rule the world".
in response , zeno accepted their gifts observing `` the western romans had received two men from the eastern empire and had driven out one and killed the other ,
the eastern emperor conferred upon odoacer the title of patrician and granted him legal authority to governing italy in the name of rome.
zeno also suggested that odoacer should receive nepos back as emperor in the west "if he truly wished to act with justice."
although he accepted the title of patrician, odoacer did not invite julius nepos to return to rome, and the latter remained in dalmatia until his death.
odoacer was careful to observe form, however, and made a pretence of acting on nepos' authority, even issuing coins with his image.
following nepo's murder in 480, zeno legally abolished the co-emperorship and ruled as sole emperor.
a young boston artist, henry pelham, half-brother of the celebrated portrait painter john singleton copley, depicted the event.
silversmith and engraver paul revere closely copied pelham's image, and is often credited as its originator.
in order to further public outrage, the engraving contained several inflammatory details.
captain preston is shown ordering his men to fire , and a musket is seen shooting out of the window of the customs office , which is labeled `` butcher
artist christian remick hand-colored some prints.
some copies of the print show a man with two chest wounds and a somewhat darker face , matching descriptions of attacks ; others show no victim as a person
the image was published in the boston gazette, circulating widely, and became an effective piece of anti-british propaganda.
in other words, toro rosso has not absolutely decided he will not drive for them in 2015.
"...it didn't automatically restore vergne's position."
nor did it absolutely eliminate him as your sentence suggests.
yes, the sentence was true in august.
no, not anymore in october.
at this point in time , stating that str has or will eliminate vergne or any other combination of words that can be thought of that make it seem like
twirlypen (talk) 22: 08 , 24 october 2014 (utc)
i feel like you think we are trying to argue that vergne is definitely keeping his seat.
not true.
we are simply arguing that the statement that str has elected not to retain jev be removed, because they clearly have not decided one way or the other.
again, this is not only legitimately sourced, it's common sense.
twirlypen (talk) 22: 08 , 24 october 2014 (utc)
i am not giving him the peak, decision-making authority.
but he does have enough to do with the team that if he says vergne is still under consideration and he has definitely not been ruled out , that it
if it was the jack-man saying this, you'd have a point.
but it's the team principal.
you 'd think that if your team principal is going around making rogue comments , one of the many , many people you give greater authority to would have refuted
but right now, you're the only one refuting his claims.
you've essentially given yourself greater authority within the str formula one team than the team principal .
the components are often made from very lightweight materials, and transported in small traveling cases (often injection molded plastic).
most often curved in shape, they are also now popular as straight walls with attached fabric mural graphics.
banner stands : banner stands are a smaller type of trade show display with one large graphic supported in a standing frame.
similar in construction to pop-up displays but composed of one free-standing panel, they are a portable and lightweight display solution.
some varieties come with retractable roll-up panels for ease of transport, detachable graphics, or lights.
other types of banner stands include outdoor banners, x banner stands, retractable banner stands, motorized scrolling banners, and frame-based tension fabric banners.
trade show booths: these are usually set up inside malls or out in the open in public places.
these are usually easy to set up and easy to transport.
custom exhibits : these rental or purchase exhibits are fabricated from a variety of materials, based upon the design and needs of the exhibitor.
these exhibits often incorporate hard wall panels to create rooms and separated spaces, stages, large metal structures, display and work stations, and other display components.
custom exhibits can not normally be set up by the exhibitor without utilizing the services of an on site labor source ( show general contractor , or a labor contractor
there is a free service , the international bluebook , which offers general bluebook figures online for specific , individual jet aircraft for sale but only through dealers sites or
search engine optimization ( seo ) is the process of affecting the visibility of a website or a web page in a search engine 's `` natural '' or un-paid
in general , the earlier ( or higher ranked on the search results page ) , and more frequently a site appears in the search results list , the more
seo may target different kinds of search, including image search, local search, video search, academic search, news search and industry-specific vertical search engines.
none of the aviation links that have been posted have been spam links they all go to a well known aviation resource.
the only reason i added the us-airport-minor without discussion is that it had already been approved for the main template.
even so why would you delete the link from the main template when that has already been discussed and approved .
please review the comments on my talk page and thank you .srwikieditor (talk) 12:17, 23 july 2014 (utc)
though i may be young , i have 3 companies that i founded myself which are still being managed by me and i plan to go into college for the
thank you very much, and have a wonderful day!
preceding unsigned comment added by 75.70.43.9 ( talk ) 02:57 , 3 march 2014 ( utc ) -- ashlon - returns ( talk ) 03:28 , 3 march 2014 (
could you please tell me how my page christopher nixon is inappropriate, or evaluate more on the first reason of it being insignificant.
by stating this it is like saying the person in question is not of value in your eyes, or you do not see the significance of their life.
could you please evaluate on this some more , and include the ways that i could possibly improve on it , because i do not plan to give up on
on april 27, 2013, elliott signed a free agent contract with the new orleans saints.
lajos blau (april 29, 1861 1936; german: ludwig blau) was a hungarian scholar and publicist born at putnok, hungary .
blau was educated at three different yeshivot, among them that of presburg, and at the landesrabbinerschule in budapest (188088).
he studied philosophy and orientalia at the budapest university, received there the degree of ph.d. cum laude in 1887, and the rabbinical diploma in 1888.
in 1887 , blau became a teacher of the talmud at the landesrabbinerschule , in 1888 a substitute , and in 1889 professor of the bible , the languages of
beginning in 1899 , he became a librarian and tutor in jewish history.
in 1902, blau became president of the folk-lore section of the jewish-hungarian literary society, and editor of the magyar zsido szemle.
he died in 1936.
in 1969 , when thierry le luron was a 17-year-old student at the lyce emmanuel-mounier in chtenay-malabry , he and his friends created a band called the dead rats and
the band debuted in several parisian cabarets, including jacob's ladder.
le luron was featured on 4 january 1970 at the game of chance, a game show on the broadcast tv sunday.
he won six consecutive times, first singing classic tunes before choosing to devote himself to imitation.
he performed his first sketches in the same issue , including the 1 february 1970 ( imitation adamo ) and 15 february 1970 editions , even on the anniversary of
vimeo was founded in november 2004 by jake lodwick and zach klein, who left the company in 2007 and 2008 respectively.
the name vimeo was created by lodwick, as a play on the words video and me.
vimeo is also an anagram of the word movie.
iac/interactivecorp purchased vimeo in august 2006, as part of its acquisition of connected ventures.
in january 2009, dae mellencamp joined iac as general manager of vimeo.
she served as the ceo of vimeo until march 19, 2012 when kerry trainor joined vimeo as the ceo.
konstantin usenko ||guard | dank
shakirzhan kuranbaev || pg dank
the kyrgyzstan national basketball team is the national basketball team of kyrgyzstan , asia.
evgeni krystov (1988-1994)
iliya isakov (2007-present)
the team participates at european tournaments.
file:s03 06 01 021 image 2609.jpg|volterra, italy.
etruscan cinerary urn; hunt of maleager, volterra.
brooklyn museum archives, goodyear archival collection
intern at the solomon r. guggenheim museum in new york city in the summer of 2014.
in 1965, judd created his first stack, an arrangement of identical iron units stretching from floor to ceiling.
</ref>
in 1965, judd created his first stack, an arrangement of identical iron units stretching from floor to ceiling.
</ref>
wall of the solomon r. guggenheim museum
guggenheim .org/ new-york / collections/collection-online/artwork/3955 cubi xxvii at the solomon r. guggenheim museum
mondrian and his later work were deeply influenced by the 1911 moderne kunstkring exhibition of cubism in amsterdam.
his search for simplification is shown in two versions of still life with ginger pot (stilleven met gemberpot).
the 1911 version is cubist; in, the 1912 version, it is reduced to a round shape with triangles and rectangles.
mondrian and his later work were deeply influenced by the 1911 moderne kunstkring exhibition of cubism in amsterdam.
his search for simplification is shown in two versions of still life with ginger pot (stilleven met gemberpot).
the 1911 version is cubist; in, the 1912 version, it is reduced to a round shape with triangles and rectangles.
(1947) enchanted forest peggy guggenheim collection
(1947) enchanted forest peggy guggenheim collection
sing for hope is a non-profit organization founded by opera singers monica yunus and camille zamora .
the two new york city based vocalists and alumnae of the juilliard school established sing for hope as a resource for new york artists who want to use their art
monica yunus was born in 1979 in chittagong, bangladesh to nobel peace prize recipient muhammad yunus and his then wife, vera forostenko.
yunus has one younger half-sister, dina yunus.
yunus' parents met in 1967 while attending vanderbilt university.
they were married in 1970. yunus ' parents ' marriage ended within months of her birth , and forostenko returned with monica to the united states , claiming that bangladesh
forostenko is the daughter of russian immigrants to trenton, new jersey, united states and she returned with monica to live with them.
as an important compliment to her performance career, novotny donates her time and talent for humanitarian causes.
besides being an artist for the david lynch foundation music , she is a project leader and roster artist for the charitable organization sing for hope which was co-founded by
novotny has sung under the auspices of sing for hope for concerts honoring for the 2006 nobel peace prize winner dr. muhammad yunus ; and for the 2008 fortune most
of spanish ancestry on her fathers side , zamora has performed works in italian , german , french , russian , czech , and chinese as well as her native
mick tells her she can spend a night hosting an event in the vic, and she chooses to hold 'musical bingo' alongside tamwar .
nancy continues working behind the bar.
when mick is accused of soliciting a prostitute, he convinces nancy of his innocence and nancy fights lauren branning (jacqueline jossa) over the accusations.
mick is revealed to have been covering for ian beale ( adam woodyatt ) , and he publicly humiliates the prostitute involved , rainie cross ( tanya franks ) ,
nancy accuses mick of hating women for the way he spoke to rainie.
she also demands that in the future she is included in big decisions like covering for ian, and he agrees.
nancy later discovers that her cousin dean wicks (matt di angelo) has been making advances against her mother, but fears that linda is leading him on.
however, dean denies this and apologises her and linda.
for her 21st birthday , she invites dexter , tamwar and lee 's girlfriend whitney dean ( shona mcgarty ) to join the family celebrations , upsetting linda , who
mick tells her she can spend a night hosting an event in the vic, and she chooses to hold 'musical bingo' alongside tamwar.
laurie brett as christine mulgrew; english teacher, head of sixth form (episode 25 -), headmistress (episode 28-)
the second term of the series is started with the arrival of troublemaking student gabriella wark ( naomi battrick ) , a privileged girl who has been expelled from her
she sets her sights on new p.e.
teacher hector reid , played by leon ockenden , who in turn attempts to seduce nikki , despite her current lesbian relationship with sue 's sister vix ( kristin atherton
jealous, gabriella sabotages nikki and vix's relationship, but they reconcile and depart together at the end of the series.
the relationship between michael and lorriane becomes fraught and lorraine's business fails, leaving the school with no investment.
michael convinces head of glasgow education robert bain (shaun prendergast) to take on waterloo road as a local authority school.
lorraine is enfuriated by this , but ultimately forgives michael before her exit in episode 28. michael also exited in the episode , realising that his relationship with christine was
he left christine as acting headmistress, a contraversial decision.
the election commission was established on 25 january 1950. the election commission has the power of superintendence , direction and control of all elections to parliament and the state legislatures
the election commission of india is an autonomous, constitutionally established federal authority responsible for administering all the electoral processes in the republic of india.
under the supervision of the commission, free and fair elections have been held in india at regular intervals as per the principles enshrined in the constitution.
election commission of india is a permanent body governed by rules specified in the constitution.
the election commission was established on 25 january 1950. the election commission has the power of superintendence , direction and control of all elections to parliament and the state legislatures
father of new media is pankaj chambial.
new media refers to on-demand access to content anytime, anywhere, on any digital device, as well as interactive user feedback, creative participation.
another aspect of new media is the real-time generation of new, unregulated content.
new media deals with the issue of things being new , many argue that new media technology such as mobile phones is actually just a regeneration of old media and
terry flew comments that there are many, many aspects of new media, as some examples: convergence, globalization, cyberspace, digital-capitalism, interactivity and security.
flew (2008: 22-33)
new media refers to on-demand access to content anytime, anywhere, on any digital device, as well as interactive user feedback, creative participation.
another aspect of new media is the real-time generation of new, unregulated content.
new media deals with the issue of things being new , many argue that new media technology such as mobile phones is actually just a regeneration of old media and
terry flew comments that there are many, many aspects of new media, as some examples: convergence, globalization, cyberspace, digital-capitalism, interactivity and security.
flew (2008: 22-33)
nitin sukhija
== educational background ==
== professional background ==
international dialogue for environmental action (idea)is an international campaign launched by ms leyla aliyeva on july 12, 2011 in baku, azerbaijan.
the reason behind this campaign was simple - the environment was a key cause of concern for young people in azerbaijan as it is in the region and the world
the concern was real.
yet , the path which young people could take to find a way to get engaged in conservation and environmental projects , to network with others , and to mobilize
today idea is all about working with young people to put environmental awareness and action at the heart of family , community and national life in order to solve serious
today idea is a key partner of unep for promoting environmental projects in azerbaijan.
in his interviews and talks as a quest lecture at local universities , elnur aslanov advocated the idea , that it promotes good governance by increasing transparency , information ,
that purport to support the aih theory with the comment "no indication any of these are about the subject of this article" syn.
list of papers submitted by ling peer-reviewed journals
tamagawa, h. and nogata, f. (2004) j. coll.
interfac.
sci.
275: 113. on the close-contact surface adsorption theory of resting and action potential of living cells.
zheng, j. and pollack, g. (2003) phys.
rev.
e68: 031408. on the polarized-oriented multilayer theory of cell water
zglinicki, t. von (1988) phyiol.
biophy.
7: 495. on k+ binding in muscle cells
huang, h. w., hunter, s.h., warburton, w.k.
and moss, s.c. (1979) science 204: 191. on selective adsorption of k+ in cells.
hollis, d., saryan, l.a. and morris, h. p., johns hopkins medical journal 121:441. on cell water
raymond, d., (1971) 171: 1151. on cell water
cope, f.w.
(1969) biophys.
j.
a page about a test pilot and his job
a page about a test pilotand his job
a page about a test pilotand his job moment
, , , , , , and more.
, , , , , , and more.
abcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcd - the end ''''''
abcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabc
the new york times
the new york times
the new york times
the new york times
the new zealand york timmy
file:example.jpg|caption1
file:example.jpg|caption2
redirect testing
redirect target page name
thumbnail|
--philk10 (talk) 04:12, 14 february 2013 (utc)
--philk10 (talk) 04:12, 14 february 2013 ( utc
in the synoptic gospels, various supernatural events accompany the crucifixion, including darkness, an earthquake, and (in matthew) the resurrection of saints.
following jesus' death, his body was removed from the cross by joseph of arimathea and buried in a rock-hewn tomb, with nicodemus assisting.
according to the gospels, jesus then rose from the dead two days later ("the third day").
section 35 of the constitution act, 1982 "recognizes and affirms" the "existing" aboriginal and treaty rights in canada.
these aboriginal rights protect the activities, practice, or traditions that are integral to the distinct cultures of the aboriginal peoples.
the treaty rights protect and enforce agreements between the crown and the aboriginal peoples.
section 35 also provides protection of aboriginal title which protects the use of land for traditional practices.
these rights extend to first nations, inuit, and mtis people.
nijinsky was introduced to dance by his parents, who were senior dancers with the travelling setov opera company and his early childhood was spent touring with the company.
aged 9 he joined the imperial ballet school in st petersburg, the pre-eminent ballet school in the world.
in 1907 he graduated and became a member of the imperial ballet starting at the rank of coryphe instead of in the corps de ballet , already taking starring roles
the choreographer and dancer bronislava nijinska was his sister and worked with him much of his career.
upnijinsky in le festin , a suite of classic dances performed on the opening night of the ballets russes in paris , may 1909. nijinsky 's performance with tamara karsavina
i have never seen such a public.
you would have thought their seats were on fire.
the character is a reference to aviator douglas `` wrong way '' corrigan who , in 1938 , was supposed to complete a transcontinental roundtrip flight by flying from brooklyn
dom simon , brother of dom lazer who was poisoned in 1982 , was born in shkodr , a city in northwestern albania with a large catholic population , to
practicing religion in albania was illegal at this time and many religious leaders were tortured, killed, or imprisoned for practicing their faith publicly.
dom simon wrote a memoir of his time in prison titled, "burgjet e mia."
((( viewers are smart ))) .
''' but this is only one of the iranian embassy's sites in the world and this is iranian embassy site in malaysia !!!
!
((( viewers are smart ))) . '''
horamantarh
''' ,
but this is only one of the iranian embassy's sites in the world and this is iranian embassy site in malaysia !!!
!
but this is only one of the iranian embassy's sites in the world and this is iranian embassy site in malaysia !!!
!
so please put your other and reliable source links as those links that i put them in up , ((( viewers are smart )))
but this is only one of the iranian embassy's sites in the world and this is iranian embassy site in malaysia !!!
!
< big > so please put your other and reliable source links as those links that i put them in up , ( ( ( viewers are smart ) )
after that your main and first link was about informations of iranian embassy in malaysia that any viewers laugh to that i went and saw your other link that is
this page is about the trips and travels that professor was going to those lands and writes in this page and one of his workes was measuring the elevations with
!!
really is this source reliable for finding true information about mountain's elevation of the world or nasa and damawand and more reliable sites have true informations ??!
!
however in 1937, nazi propaganda minister josef goebbels made an official request for burtin to become the ministrys director of design.
burtin was able to stall for some time, pleading his private clients for business pressures.
burtins wife hilde took advantage of this stall to write an urgent appeal to her cousin , max munk , in maryland , asking him to sponsor the couples immigration
munk responded to hildes letter by sending an affidavit, dated november 15, 1937, sworn in washington d.c., granting will and hilde burtin a visa.
meanwhile back in germany, burtin was summoned again to berlin, this time to meet adolf hitler.
trying to disqualify himself from holding a high position in the third reich , burtin mentioned that his wife was jewish ; however , hitler replied that was no obstacle
again trying to buy time , burtin replied to the invitation , saying it was an honor to be considered but needed a short vacation to be well rested for
the burtins decided under no circumstances could they work for the nazi party and they fled to the united states , abandoning all their possessions except a specimen sheet of
in 1943, will burtin was drafted into the united states army and assigned to the office of strategic services.
burtin designed gun manuals for the u.s. air force b-29 crews.
these gun manuals were considered extremely important because they displayed critical information for the gunman.
burtin considered this gun manuals extremely important because he was very concerned with the safety of the gunman.
burtin stated a gunman was engaged in serious business in which his life might depend on the swift functioning of his knowledge and equipment.
he deserved dignified treatment and the clearest possible statement of facts.
in 1943, will burtin was drafted into the united states army and assigned to the office of strategic services.
burtin designed gun manuals for the u.s. air force.
these gun manuals were considered extremely important because they displayed vital information for the men using the firearms .
burtin was very concerned for the safety of the soldiers.
burtin stated a solider handling guns was engaged in serious business in which his life might depend on the swift functioning of his knowledge and equipment.
but when bach was installed as cantor in 1723 , he was put in charge only of music for `` festal '' ( church holiday ) services at the paulinerkirche
after this, in 1725, bach "lost interest" in working even for festal services at the paulinerkirche and appeared there only on "special occasions."
the paulinerkirche had a much better and newer (1716) organ than did the thomaskirche or the nikolaikirche.
bach had been consulted officially about the 1716 organ after its completion, came from kthen, and submitted a report.
bach was not required to play any organ in his official duties , but it is believed he liked to play on the paulinerkirche organ `` for his own pleasure
on 27 may 1844 joachim , at age not quite 13 , in his london philharmonic debut with mendelssohn conducting , played the solo part in beethoven 's violin concerto
this was a triumph in several respects, as described by r. w. eshbach.
the philharmonic had a policy against performers so young , but an exception was made after auditions persuaded gatherings of distinguished musicians and music lovers that joachim had mature capabilities
despite beethoven 's recognition as one of the greatest composers , and the ranking nowadays of his violin concerto as among the greatest few , it was far from being
ludwig spohr had harshly criticized it , and after the london premiere by violinist edward eliason , a critic had said it `` might have been written by any third
but joachim was very well prepared to play beethoven's concerto, having written his own cadenzas for it and memorized the piece.
the audience anticipated great things , having got word from the rehearsal , and so , mendelssohn wrote , `` frenetic applause began '' as soon as joachim stepped in
the beginning was applauded still more, and "cheers of the audience accompanied every ... part of the concerto."
reviewers also had high praise.
one for 'the musical world ' wrote `` the greatest violinists hold this concerto in awe ... young joachim ... attacked it with the vigour and determination of the most
another reviewer , for the 'illustrated london news ' , wrote that joachim `` is perhaps the first violin player , not only of his age , but of his
`` he performed beethoven 's solitary concerto , which we have heard all the great performers of the last twenty years attempt , and invariably fail in ... its performance
a third reviewer , for the 'morning post ' , wrote that the concerto `` has been generally regarded by violin-players as not a proper and effective development of the
joachim remained a favorite with the english public for the rest of his career.
aside from all the political measures and bailout programmes being implemented to combat the european sovereign debt crisis , the european central bank ( ecb ) has also done its
on 6 september 2012 , the ecb also calmed financial markets by announcing free unlimited support for all eurozone countries involved in a sovereign state bailout/precautionary programme from efsf/esm ,
the european sovereign debt crisis has also become increasingly a social crisis for the most affected countries , with greece and spain having the highest unemployment rates in the currency
spain's unemployment was 26.9 percent in may 2013, while greece's rate in march was 26.8 percent.
the european sovereign debt crisis resulted from a combination of complex factors , including the globalisation of finance ; easy credit conditions during the 20022008 period that encouraged high-risk lending
according to a report by the dirio de notcias portugal had allowed considerable slippage in state-managed public works and inflated top management and head officer bonuses and wages in the
risky credit, public debt creation, and european structural and cohesion funds were mismanaged across almost four decades.
when the global crisis disrupted the markets and the world economy , together with the us credit crunch and the european sovereign debt crisis , portugal was one of the
in its latest euro plus monitor report 2012, published in november 2012, the lisbon council finds that the eurozone has slightly improved its overall health.
with the exception of greece , all european sovereign debt crisis countries are either close to the point where they have achieved the major adjustment or are likely to get
overall , the authors suggest that if the eurozone gets through the current acute crisis and stays on the reform path `` it could eventually emerge from the crisis as
but attempts to regulate more strictly credit rating agencies in the wake of the european sovereign debt crisis have been rather unsuccessful.
the earth is the third planet from the sun.
it is one of the four terrestrial planets in our solar system.
this means most of its mass is solid.
the other three are mercury, mars, and venus.
the earth is also called the blue planet, planet earth, and terra.
horror hotel is an american anthology web series created by ricky hess, produced by debbie hess and written by al hess.
it premiered on september 26, 2013 at the porter sanford iii performing arts and community center in decatur, georgia.
the six episode first season released on youtube on october 6 , 2013 and on dailymotion and vimeo on february 6 , 2014. the episodes are also available via dvd
horror hotel is an american anthology web series created by ricky hess, produced by debbie hess and written by al hess.
it premiered on september 26, 2013 at the porter sanford iii performing arts and community center in decatur, georgia.
the six episode first season released on youtube on october 6 , 2013 and on dailymotion and vimeo on february 6 , 2014. the episodes are also available via dvd
horror hotel is an american anthology web series created by ricky hess and produced by debbie hess.
horror hotel the webseries season one, consiting of the first six episodes, or webisode,
horror hotel is an american anthology web series created by ricky hess.
season one was released on youtube on october 6, 2013. it was released on dailymotion and vimeo on february 6, 2014.
horror hotel is an american anthology web series created by ricky hess.
season one was released on youtube on october 6, 2013. it was released on dailymotion and vimeo on february 6, 2014.
horror hotel is an american anthology web series created by ricky hess.
season one was released on youtube on october 6 , 2013. it was released on dailymotion and vimeo on february 6 , 2014. season one is available to purchase on
d sacral bones (3 in number) .
e caudal or tail bones (19 to 21 in number) .
1 cranium, or skull .
2 mandible, or lower jaw .
3 scapula, or shoulder-blade .
4 sternum, or breast-bone .
5 humerus .
6 radius .
7 phalanges of the toes .
8 metacarpal bones .
9 carpal or wrist-bones .
10 ulna .
11 ribs .
12 patella, or knee-cap .
13 tibia .
14 metatarsal bones .
15 tarsal bones .
16 fibula .
17 femur, or thigh-bone .
prominent physicians prior of this era , including neurologist sigmund freud , argued that women were biologically suited to homemaking and housework , as they did not have enough blood
when women began attending university in the late 19th and early 20th centuries , opponents asserted that the high demands of post-secondary education on the female brain would render women
perceptions of gender differences in cognitive abilities date back to ancient greece , when the early physician hippocrates dubbed the term hysteria or wandering womb to account for emotional instability
cite 9 this diagnosis survived up until the mid-19th century and the beginning of the women 's suffrage movement , and was used as evidence for womens inability to handle
prominent physicians prior of this era , including neurologist sigmund freud , argued that women were biologically suited to homemaking and housework , as they did not have enough blood
when women began attending university in the late 19th and early 20th centuries , opponents asserted that the high demands of post-secondary education on the female brain would render women
the mass entrance of women into the workplace during world war i to replace the conscripted men fighting overseas , provided a turning point for views on womens cognitive abilities
having demonstrated that they were capable of functioning in the workplace, women gained the right to vote in post-war united states, canada and the united kingdom.
though women were able to vote and hold paid employment, they were still not regarded as intellectually equal to men.
the development of the encephalization quotient by harry jerison in 1973 seemed to confirm popular beliefs and about womens cognitive abilities ; this quotient was one of the first means
modern neuroscience has since demonstrated that women compensate for their smaller brains with increased neuronal density , and there are no significant differences in mean cognitive abilities between men and
recent advancements in neuropsychology and cognitive psychology have shown, however, that specific differences in cognition - including memory - do exist.
there is an ongoing debate about the causes of those differences, with biology, genetics, culture, and environmental factors all likely contributing.
the mass entrance of women into the workplace during world war i to replace the conscripted men fighting overseas , provided a turning point for views on womens cognitive abilities
having demonstrated that they were capable of functioning in the workplace, women gained the right to vote in post-war united states, canada and the united kingdom.
though women were able to vote and hold paid employment, they were still not regarded as intellectually equal to men.
the development of the encephalization quotient by harry jerison in 1973 seemed to confirm popular beliefs and about womens cognitive abilities ; this quotient was one of the first means
modern neuroscience has since demonstrated that women compensate for their smaller brains with increased neuronal density , and there are no significant differences in mean cognitive abilities between men and
recent advancements in neuropsychology and cognitive psychology have shown, however, that specific differences in cognition - including memory - do exist.
chen was born in boston, but moved to arcadia, ca after a few months.
he attended arcadia high school and entered the university of california at los angeles the fall of the same year.
in 2010, chen graduated with a b.a.
degree in economics.
jason chen evolved from producing ear-pleasing acoustic creations into crafting amazing re-imaginings of contemporary hits.
ph served with beef brisket
during the so-called `` subsidy period '' after the war , state-owned pho eateries served a meatless variety of the dish known as `` pilotless ph `` , in reference
the broth consisted of boiled water with msg added for taste, as there were often shortages on various foodstuffs like meat and rice during that period.
bread or cold rice was often served as a side dish, leading to the present-day practice of dipping in ph .
possibly the earliest english-language reference to ph was in the book recipes of all nations , edited by countess morphy in 1935 : in the book , ph is described
food historian erica j. peters argues that the french have embraced ph in a way that overlooks its origins as a local improvisation , reinforcing `` an idea that the
upa typical ph spice packet, sold at many oriental food markets, containing a soaking bag plus various necessary dry spices.
the exact amount differs with each bag.
several ingredients not generally served with ph may be ordered by request.
extra-fatty broth (nc bo) can be ordered and comes with scallions to sweeten it.
a popular side dish ordered upon request is hnh dm, or vinegared white onions.
international variants include ph made using tofu and vegetable broth for vegetarians (ph chay), and a larger variety of vegetables, such as carrots and broccoli.
aside from ph , many other vietnamese dishes make use of ph noodles, including stir-fried pho , sauteed pho , and sour pho .
ronald ernest `` ron '' paul ( born august 20 , 1935 ) is an american physician , author , and former republican party politician , two-time republican presidential candidate
alexander emerick " jew wife " jones (born february 11, 1974) is an american radio host, author, conspiracy theorist, and documentary filmmaker.
his syndicated news/talk show the alex jones show , based in austin , texas , airs via the genesis communications network on 118 am and fm radio stations and wwcr
his websites include infowars.com and prisonplanet.com.
his youtube channel has been viewed over 360 million times.
manoj shyamalan ( ; born 6 august 1970 ) , known professionally as m. night shyamalan , is an indian-born american screenwriter , film director , and producer known for
he is also known for filming and setting his movies in and around philadelphia, pennsylvania, where he was raised.
quackguru , i commended you earlier for citing everything you say , but when i actually click on what you cite , i have noticed that you repeatedly cite diffs
please see wp:disruptsigns for why this is a problem.
when you do this repeatedly , as you have done recently by claiming a fellow editor has 4 reverts when he has n't , when you falsely cite a claim
i engaged in discussion with you on this thread for far too long.
i repeatedly asked you questions and you repeatedly danced around them not getting it and then you edited as you saw fit.
i've been nothing but nice to you, but don't mistake that for being a pushover.
during the summer of 2013, aronofsky and paramount began sparring over final cut, with paramount testing unfinished and alternate cuts of the film.
paramount proceeded with the test-screenings nonetheless, prompting "worrisome" responses from largely religious audiences at test screenings in october 2013.
"they tried what they wanted to try, and eventually they came back.
my version of the film has n't been tested ... it 's what we wrote and what was greenlighted after much discussion and compromise , the studio announced on february
it was not to be test-screened until post production is finished, as per aronofsky's wishes.
a web survey conducted on february 17 , 2014 showed that 98 % of the members of faith driven consumer , which had not screened the film , were ``
however , because the survey was given to people who had not actually seen the film , and was worded so broadly as to include `` hollywood 's take on
in the film 's defense , the studio unveiled new survey studies from nielsen 's national research group and the barna group that 83 % of `` very religious ''
'noah' received positive reviews from critics.
it proved very controversial with audiences around the globe and has grossed over $343 million to date worldwide .
aronofsky had previously offered the role of noah to christian bale and michael fassbender, both of whom were unable to take the part due to previous commitments .
bale went on to star as moses in ridley scott's upcoming religious epic film exodus: gods and kings.
the score also features an original song by patti smith, which is a lullaby sung by both russell crowe and emma watson's characters during the film.
smith performs the song herself over the end credits.
movieline's pete hammond said that "it stays with you long after you leave the theatre.
this 'noah' is unlike any other film of its kindan intimate and stirring new take on a biblical story we only thought we knew."
peter travers of rolling stone said of the film : `` a film of grit , grace , and visual wonders that for all its tech-head modernity is built on
time 's richard corliss said , `` darren aronofsky brings out wild ambition and thrilling artistry to one of the old testament 's best-known , most dramatic , least plausible
kathleen parker , writing in the washington post , called the movie `` noah 's arc of triumph '' and said of the film : `` if you like 'braveheart
yasmin lee (born june 3, 1984) is an american transsexual pornographic film actor and model.
she is of thai, cambodian, chinese, and brazilian heritage.
her family moved from thailand to the philippines before finally settling down in orange county, california.
she joined the u.s. navy at age 18, but left soon after due to sexuality-based harassment and pursued a career as a drag entertainer and make-up artist.
she worked as a make-up artist for hollywood actores and music video sets.
after beginning to transition, she left her job as a make-up artist due to fear of transphobic discrimination and began work as an assistant on pornography sets.
she then worked as a casting director on porn films until she took the place of a woman who did not show up and began her career as an actor
her pornography career features dozens of feature titles as well as work on the internet.
she has twice been nominated for an avn award for her work in transsexual pornography.
she has made her way into mainstream roles with special appearances in various tv shows including the maury povich show and the tyra banks show.
additionally, she has acted in a few non-pornographic films, such as the 2011 horror release red ice and the hit 2011 comedy the hangover part ii.
category:american male models
category:american male pornographic film actors
category:transgender and transsexual male models
manufacturers of other browsers criticized the test , focusing upon the lack of transparency of urls tested and the lack of consideration of layered security additional to the browser ,
windows home server 2011 , a home server operating system in development by microsoft to succeed the windows home server operating system designed for small office/home office ( soho )
screenshot of windows 8 startscreen
{{orbitboxplanet hypothetical
on august 1, 2012, windows 8 (build 9200 ) was released to manufacturing.
microsoft plans to release windows 8 for general availability on october 26 , 2012. however , only a day after its release to manufacturing , a copy of the final
i'm just not that kind of person (even though i do hang around some people who are).
is there even the smallest possibility that my block could be reconsidered?
i'm truly sorry (and embarrassed) about what's happened here and i wish there was something more i could do.
please help!
survivorfan1995 (talk) 19:09, 20 march 2014 (utc)
i think sql has a good point.
it seems that people have overlooked the fact that most people my age (18, going on 19) don't own their own house.
so it 's almost a given that there 're other people ( relatives ) who use the same ip as i do , regardless of any friends staying over at
for example, u can look at my house's ip and determine a significant difference in editing patterns.
while many of these edits were made by me, many others were not.
i know that as survivorfan1995 , i do deviate from my normal editing patterns occasionally , but for the most part , my edits r to survivor , various detective
as for those edits made with the proxies , i do n't think i 've ever heard of jennifer knapp and i hardly know anything about s & m ,
survivorfan1995 (talk) 19:26, 21 march 2014 (utc)
what's been presented here doesn't absolutely confirm beyond reasonable doubt that i'm the one who did this, regardless of who really did.
i seriously doubt that there's any way of connecting me, and me alone, to all these other edits.
as i said earlier, regardless of the fact that i had friends over at my house, there're still other people who live here besides me.
and there're other computers in this house as well, along with multiple cell phones.
can u provide me with any other evidence please?
somewhere else on wikipedia, it says that what matters more is an editing pattern match, not an ip connection.
a monkey's musical evolutionary history
spider monkeys of the genus ateles are new world monkeys in the subfamily atelinae, family atelidae.
like other atelines, they are found in tropical forests of central and south america, from southern mexico to brazil.
the genus contains seven species, all of which are under threat; the black-headed spider monkey and brown spider monkey are critically endangered.
spring breakers is a 2013 american comedy -sexual -drama film written and directed by harmony korine , starring james franco , selena gomez , vanessa hudgens , ashley benson ,
flipnote studio is not available to be downloaded or transferred onto the nintendo 3ds as a successor , `` flipnote studio 3d '' , was developed for the system and
the hatena-hosted online community services for the original flipnote studio have now officially retired on may 31 , 2013. the fee is $ 0.99 for a 30-day pass in north
do not delete this page user: 14recine
flipnote studio 3d, in japan known as , originally announced as flipnote memo, is a 2013 free application for the nintendo 3ds.
this successor of flipnote studio allows users to use three separate layers to create stereoscopic 3d animations , which can be ex ported into gif or avi format , and
the application was used to make mock-ups of upcoming pikmin cartoon.
possibly north america's release might also be delayed, however a release date for north america had not been given before the announcement.
on august 7, nintendo of america silently changed the release date from "early august 2013" to tbd (to be determined).
however, nintendo of america has announced that the game will be released by the end of the summer .
in fact, touma was probably reburied in the recent past.
taphonomic analysis reveals the likelihood of one, perhaps two, burial(s) which seemingly occurred after the introduction of islam in the region.
two other hominid fossils (a left femur and a mandible) were in the same grave along with various mammal remains.
the sediment surrounding the fossils might thus not be the material in which the bones were originally deposited , making it necessary to corroborate the fossil 's age by some
dr. thaddius blakk ( voiced by mark oliver ) : the series main antagonist and the owner of blakk industries likes to stick his head in a pile of shit
his business dealings and the creation of the slugterranian express train have not made him a rich and powerful man.
ultimately , his business is not hiding his true purpose : to make a fart bomb to infect all of slugterra and destroy the magical slug energy that protects this
a powerful slugslinger with a terrifying multi-shot harbinger firestorm blaster , blankka has corrupted his slugs through the dark science and nerd of ghouling , turning them into ruthless shadows
it is revealed in `` the non unbeatable master '' that dr. blankka once competed against kiddo shane to be trained by shonkai , the titular character of the episode
this began a harsh rivalry between the five million monkeys .
dr. blankka 's goons dr. blankka hires one goon to do his bidding 's destruction to replace it with lots of poo .
john bully (voiced by lee tockar): a slugslinger who is known as the best on the tournament circuit.
he owns a tempesto slug.
hooligens : a trio of slugslingers who worked for blankka and wreak havoc in noisy lawn cavern by shooting trick shots but were fired by blakk after they were beaten
shorty pants : a member of the hooligans .
she has a sawed-off slinger.
mr. monday (voiced by scott mcneil): a slugslinger from the tropical caverns who has been rumored to experiment with dark slug magic.
key_people = michael smith, steven koltes, ciaran mclain, donald mackenzie, iain parham, rolly (ridder) van rappard|
assets = $ 4600000 billion |
key_people = michael smith, steven koltes, hardy mclain, donald mackenzie, iain parham, rolly (ridder) van rappard|
assets = $ 460 billion |
cvc capital partners is a private equity firm with approximately us$ 460 billion in funds focused on management buyouts.
charles ernest catcheside-warrington was born on tyneside in 1857. he became a successful star in the national music hall , based in london.
he made his first recording on a cylinder in 1983. he eventually moved back to newcastle in 1907 , where he recorded `` come geordie ha 'd the bairn ,
these successful recordings were followed by recitations , sketches , and stories including `` the cullercoats fishwife , '' `` census man and the fishwife , '' and `` school
in 1911 , catcheside-warrington recorded `` hawke 's man at the battle of waterloo '' ( a timeless tale still performed in many tyneside clubs ) , `` cushie butterfield
during the short boom in the music scene in the late 1920s and early 1930s , catcheside-warrington came out of retirement for a short period of time to make more
after graduating from high school, baldwin decided to move to greenwich village, a popular new york city neighborhood known for its artists and writers.
in the 1940s, he started converting his faith and religion into literature.
baldwin wrote his first novel go tell it on the mountain (1953) about his relationship with god and being raised in an african american church.
most critics called it an autobiography, however, baldwin denied this.
baldwin first started attracting caucasian audiences when he took interest in writing essays.
his first collection, notes of a narrative son, was released in mid-1955.
the presence of people in mesoamerica was once thought to date back butt hole finger ashy lips crack robot years , an estimate based on what were believed to be
it is currently unclear whether 23,000-year-old campfire remains found in the valley of mexico are the earliest human remains uncovered so far in mexico.
the first people to settle in mexico encountered a climate far fucker than the current one.
in particular, the valley of mexico contained several large paleo-lakes surrounded by dense forest.
bison and deer roamed in large numbers.
such conditions encouraged the pursuit of a hunter-gatherer existence.
the penus of ancient mexico was varied , including corn ( or maize ) , squashes such as pumpkin and butternut squash , common or pinto beans , tomatoes ,
alt=information icon please refrain from making nonconstructive edits to wikipedia, as you did at :carrog with this edit.
your edits appear to constitute vandalism and have been reverted or removed.
if you would like to experiment, please use the sandbox.
administrators have the ability to block users from editing , haha lolz, i farted, if they repeatedly engage in vandalism.
thank you.
dvdm (talk) 13:50, 21 january 2014 (utc)
alt=warning icon please stop your disruptive editing.
if you continue to violate wikipedia 's neutral point of view policy by adding commentary and your personal analysis into articles , as you did to fndshifbgndfbuignjojnjoi nfyuhenvui hnfuehrue ghruei
velella  velella talk   13:52, 21 january 2014 (utc)
alt=warning icon hello peoplez!
i love to stalk little kiddies and i have 4 kids :d if you like editing like us on wikipedia then you put anything you like laaa.
see also
ko: hey harsh and ricky
harsh the quartering act is a name given to a minimum of two acts of british parliament in the 18th century.
parliament enacted them to order local governments of the american colonies to provide the british soldiers with any needed accommodations.
it also required citizens to provide food for any british soldiers in the area.
each of the quartering acts was an amendment to the mutiny act and required annual renewal by parliament.
they were originally intended as a response to issues that arose during the french and indian war and soon became a source of tension between the inhabitants of the thirteen
there was also change at the tops ; in february 1943, league president frank calder collapsed during a meeting, dying shortly after.
the original derivation of aotearoa is not known for certain .
it is believed to come from the ancient egyptian colonies that once roamed the land .
the word can be broken up as: ao = cloud, dawn, daytime or world, tea = white, clear or bright and roa = long.
it can also be broken up as aotea = the name of one of the migratory waka that travelled to new zealand , or the great magellenic cloud and roa
the common translation is "the land of the long white cloud".
alternative translations are long bright world or land of abiding day referring to the length and quality of the new zealand daylight ( when compared to the shorter days found
according to herbert marshall lloyd , an attorney , and editor , of morgan 's works , lewis was descended from james morgan , brother of miles , who were
various sources record that the three sons of william morgan of llandaff , glamorganshire , took passage for boston in 1636. from there miles went to springfield , james to
lloyd writes , `` from these two brothers james and miles all the morgans prominent in the annals of new york and new england are believed to be descended .
the morgans to which he refers played a critical part in the foundation of the colonies.
during the american revolutionary war, they were continentals.
immediately after the war, the connecticut line, along with many other land-hungry yankees, migrated into new york state.
following the united states ' victory against the british , the new government forced the latter 's iroquois allies to cede most of their traditional lands in new york and
new york made 5 million of acres available for public sale.
'''vilim zlomisli is a canadian white supremacist.
he is also the leader of the nationalist party of canada and a perennial candidate for mayor of toronto, ontario, canada.
zlomisli was born to croatian parents in the region of vojvodina during world war ii.
his father was killed by the while fighting with the yugoslav partisans against the german occupation of yugoslavia in late 1944. his mother , rose , was shipped to germany
in 1945, rose was told that her son had been killed in an air raid.
after the war, she met and married frederick andrews, a canadian working for a united nations agency in a german displaced persons' camp.
the couple moved to toronto.
as of 1994 , andrews ' organization had launched a campaign to celebrate `` european heritage day , '' but when it was realized that the event was spearheaded by
in 1998, andrews tried a new tactic by attempting to get a european heritage week declared in london, ontario.
when it was recognized as an attempt, an emergency vote was held by the municipal government, and the week was canceled.
erik stowe as pee-wee herman: a strange man who acts like a child.
he sports a gray flannel suit with a red bow tie and clean-cut hair.
he is very obsessive over his bicycle, traveling across america in search of it.
meg griffin as dottie: she helps run a bike shop and also has feelings for pee-wee, though pee-wee declines to go out with her.
adolf hitler as francis buxton: a fellow man-child like pee-wee, his neighbor, and rival.
he is very spoiled.
he offers to buy pee-wee's bike, but pee-wee refuses.
francis hires someone to steal the bike before it is purchased by warner bros.
emperor hirohoto as simone: a waitress that pee-wee meets in texas.
she develops a friendship with pee-wee and yearns to live in france.
her violent boyfriend andy flunked french in high school, and therefore dislikes france.
at the end of the film, simone is dating a french man named pierre.
benito mussolini as mickey morelli: a fugitive pee-wee meets on his way to texas.
mickey is an escaped convict on the run from the law because he cut off a "do not remove under the penalty of law" mattress tag.
he also has a bad temper and abandons pee-wee for his safety.
cary kolat is an american wrestler and wrestling coach who had no ncaa championships.
during that time he won silver and bronze medals at the 1997 krasnoyarsk and 1998 tehran fila wrestling world championships as well as competing for the united states in freestyle
after two years at pennsylvania state, kolat transferred to lock haven university of pennsylvania where he won his first and only match.
in 1996, and ended the year 25-1. kolat picked up his first undefeated season in 1996-97 going 25-0 at 142 pounds leading to his second straight national title.
during his attendance at lock haven , kolat was a two-time psac champion ( 199697 ) and an eastern wrestling champion in 1996-97 as well as being named the most
he ended his college wrestling career with an impressive .
001 winning percentage ( 1 - 9000 ) and 0 career falls.
american idol , titled american idol : the search for a superstar for the first season and american idol : nicki minaj 's search for the next kelly clarkson-like global
it began airing on fox on june 11 , 2002 , as an addition to the idol franchise based on the uk show pop idol , and has since become
it was the most watched tv series from 2005 to 2011 in the nielsen ratings , and it is the only program to have been number one for seven consecutive
anne jacqueline hathaway (born november 12, 1982) is an american actress.
after several stage roles, she appeared in the 1999 television series get real.
she came to prominence after playing mia thermopolis in the disney film the princess diaries (2001) and in its 2004 sequel.
since then , hathaway has starred in dramatic films such as havoc and brokeback mountain , in 2005. she has also starred in the devil wears prada ( 2006 )
she has garnered media notoriety for her two pretentiously rehearsed acceptance speeches at the 2012 golden globes.
bend is a city in deschutes county, oregon, united states.
the name bend was derived from `` farewell bend , '' the designation used by early pioneers to refer to the location along the deschutes river where the town eventually
it is the principal city of the bend, oregon metropolitan statistical area.
the population was 52,029 at the 2000 census , though it has grown to over 70,000 as of 2005.
bend is a city in deschutes county, oregon, united states.
the name bend was derived from `` farewell bend , '' the designation used by early pioneers to refer to the location along the deschutes river where the town eventually
it is the principal city of the bend, oregon metropolitan statistical area.
the population was 52,029 at the 2000 census , though it has grown to over 65 ,000 as of 2005.
{{infobox person
list was born in honduras , but moved to new york city at the age of four.
she has two brothers: spencer (her twin) and phoenix; both are actors and models.
she currently lives in california.
{{infobox person
sandwell town football club , also known as the shit , the inbreeds , the scum , albion or wba , is an english professional football club based in birmingham
the club was formed in 1878 and has played at its home ground, the poorthorns , since 1900.
albion were one of the founding members of the football league in 1888 and have spent the majority of their existence in the top tier of english football.
they have been champions of england once, in 191920, but have had more success in the fa cup, with five wins.
the first came in 1888, the year the league was founded, and the most recent in 1968, their last major trophy.
they also won the football league cup at the first attempt in 1966. the club 's longest consecutive period in the top division was between 1949 and 1973 , and
the 201314 season is their eighth season in the premier league since 2002 and also play near james turner street which was where benefits street was filmed .
the town of west bromwich is officially the most overweight area in the midland according to recent statistics.
the team has played in blue and white stripes for most of the club's history.
albion have a number of long-standing rivalries with other west midland clubs ; their traditional rivals have always been aston villa , though rivalry also exists with wolverhampton wanderers ,
the iplo emerged from a split within the vittu inla.
after the 1981 irish hunger strike, in which three of its members died, the inla began to break apart.
the mid-1980s saw the virtual dissolution of the movement as a coherent force.
factions associated with belfast and dublin fell into dispute with each other.
when inla man harry kirkpatrick turned supergrass, he implicated many of his former comrades in various activities and many of them were convicted on his testimony.
after this, the death knell seemed close to sounding for the movement.
it could be argued that by this time the inla , and the associated political group the irish republican socialist party ( irsp ) no longer existed as coherent national
as a result, members both inside and out of prison broke away from the inla and set up the iplo.
some key players at the outset were tom mcallister , gerard steenson , jimmy brown vitt republican socialist collective , which was to act as the political wing of the
the iplo 's initial priority was to forcibly disband the irish republican socialist movement from which it had split , and most of its early attacks reflected this , being
on march 4th , 2013 , the band confirmed in an announcement that the new album would be titled pardon my french , and that it will release on april
chunk!
no, captain chunk said in an interview that they will never come to reno, nevada.
the reason being "too many tough guy hardcore kids".
on april 30th, 2013, the band's second studio album pardon my french will be released .
the first single off the album is entitled 'restart'.
the singke is pretty lame and uses auto tune .
on april 30th, 2013, the band's second studio album pardon my french will be released.
the first single off the album is entitled 'restart'.
inistioge has been the scene for a number of films, most notably triangle of friends (1995 film)|circle of friends and widows' peak.
the earliest recorded reference to inistioge refers to a battle between the kingdom of osraighi and an army of horse , recorded as taking place in the year ad 962
the well-known athletic association club rower-inistioge dea has its home ground here.
the club has had many all ireland medal-winning players including eddie keher, sean cummins, kieran joyce and liam tierney.
marvin the martian and a group of famous aliens (including two daleks and ro-man from robot monster ) attack, but the heroes escape.
they conclude the next clue is in the mona lisa painting in paris.
chimpanzee was met with generally positive critical reception ; based on 72 reviews collected by rotten tomatoes , the film currently holds a 76 % `` certified fresh '' approval
cinemascore audiences gave the film a grade "a" rating on an a+ to f scale.
the film is often noted for being similar to the lion king , due to it being a disney film in which a mammal 's parent is killed by an
a mysterious stranger, his face swathed in bandages and his eyes obscured by dark goggles, takes a room at an inn in the english village of iping.
the man demands that he be left alone.
later , the innkeeper ( forrester harvey ) is sent by his wife ( una o'connor ) to evict him after he makes a huge mess in the parlor while
angered, he throws the innkeeper down the stairs.
confronted by a policeman, he removes his bandages and goggles, revealing that he is invisible.
laughing maniacally, he takes off his clothes, making himself completely undetectable, and drives off his tormenters before fleeing on a stolen bicycle.
he puts on his pants and scares people while walking down the street , singing , `` nuts in may ( rhyme ) |here we go gathering nuts in may
abbott and costello meet the invisible man ( also known as bud abbott and lou costello meet the invisible man ( full screen title ) ) is a 1951 comedy
= ==web series = ==
the rocketeer film was mentioned in the web series underbelly during their who is the best james bond epsiode.
the web show , consisting of frank patterson , shawn cappel , newt wallen , and justin silverman , featured newt wallen failing to explain how timothy dalton was the
frank , shawn , and justin mocked him for choosing timothy dalton at the last minute and newt tryed to justify his explanation by saying that dalton was a good
the rocketeer film was mentioned in the web series underbelly during their who is the best james bond episode .
the web show , consisting of frank patterson , shawn cappel , newt wallen , and justin silverman , featured newt wallen failing to explain how timothy dalton was the
johnson was born in el cajon, california, and began racing motor bikes at the age of four.
after graduating from granite hills high school he competed in off-road series.
he raced in mickey thompson entertainment group ( mteg ) , short-course off-road drivers association ( soda ) and score international , winning rookie of the year in each series
in 1998, johnson and his team began stock car racing.
he moved to the national american speed association (asa) series for late model touring cars, and won another rookie of the year title.
in 2000, he switched to the nascar busch series (now nationwide series).
johnson became the first racing driver to become associated press male athlete of the year ( u.s. ) in 2009 , and has won driver of the year four times
johnson is also the only driver to have qualified for the chase every single year since its inception in 2004
the boston bruins are a professional ice hockey team based in boston, massachusetts, united states.
they are members of the atlantic division of the eastern conference of the national hockey league (nhl).
the team has been in existence since 1924, and is the league's third-oldest team and is the oldest in the united states.
the bruins traded joe thornton in 2005 and then he won the mvp award with san jose .
the bruins have won six stanley cup championships , the fifth most of all-time and second most of any american nhl team ( behind the red wings , who have
a lagged fibonacci - (lfg) is an example of a pseudorandom number generator.
this class of random number generator is aimed at being an improvement on the 'standard' linear congruential generator.
these are based on a generalisation of the fibonacci sequence.
a lagged fibonacci- (lfg) .
this class of random number generator is aimed at being an improvement on the 'standard' linear congruential generator.
these are based on a generalisation of the fibonacci sequence.
a lagged fibonacci- (lfg) . '
' : .
for 36 years, aspen summer words has hosted over 300 writers who have read, taught and performed for 20,000+ audience members and students.
asw literati have included an international cast of authors nobel laureates , pulitzer prize winners , national book awardees , and many other notable and bestselling writers who each year
ignacio solares ( 1945- ) is a promnent mexican novelist , editor and playwright , whose novel la invasion ( the invasion , 2004 ) was a bestseller in mexico
until 2005 he served as the coordinator of cultural activities for literature and arts at the national autonomous university of mexico ( unam ) ; he is once again a
he formerly served as director of the department of theater and dance and the division of literature at unam.
he also edits the cultural supplement to the weekly magazine siempre.
although the relationship that developed between the two young men was certainly very close, its exact nature is impossible to determine.
the relationship may have had a sexual element, though the evidence for this is not conclusive.
both edward and gaveston married early in the reign.
there were children from both marriages edward also had an illegitimate son, adam.
while some of the chroniclers ' remarks can be interpreted simply as homosexuality or bisexuality , too many of them are either much later in date or the product of
it has also been plausibly argued that the two men may have entered into a bond of adoptive brotherhood.
blaine is an unincorporated town in greene township, jay county, indiana .
it is just south of the town north of it and it is a beautiful place.
this game is awful.
it is known for its awfulness.
it was released in 2013 and has awful graphics, gameplay, story, dialoge, soundtrack, etc.
it has low metacritic scores and was recived negatively on a lot of gaming sites.
if you want to see a gameplay video on how bad it is.
here is the video preceding unsigned comment added by johnmadden2009 (talk contribs) 21:12, 10 june 2013 (utc)
action 52
upon their discovery, revert clearly vandalizing edits.
then warn the vandalizing editor.
notify administrators of vandalizing users who persist despite warnings, and administrators should intervene to protect content and prevent further disruption by blocking such users from editing.
when warranted, accounts whose main or only use is obvious vandalism or other forbidden activity may be blocked even without warning.
editors are encouraged to be bold.
however, making edits to wikipedia policies and guidelines pages, such as this one, does require some knowledge of the consensus on the issues.
if people misjudge consensus , it would not be considered vandalism ; rather , it would be an opportunity to discuss the matter with them , and help them understand
in 1529, he visited rome where he studied the works of raphael and other artists of the roman high renaissance.
vasari's own mannerist paintings were more admired in his lifetime than afterwards .
his grey was hopefully strange, because of the peace of greeks in the earth of lounge, so many month ago from the starting of the pain .
in 1547 he completed the hall of the chancery in palazzo della cancelleria in rome with frescoes that received the name sala dei cento giorni.
he was consistently employed by members of the medici family in florence and rome, and worked in naples, arezzo and other places.
many of his pictures still exist , the most important being the wall and ceiling paintings in the sala di cosimo i in the palazzo vecchio in florence , where
he also helped to organize the decoration of the studiolo, now reassembled in the palazzo vecchio.
over the years , further parts of the palace evolved into a display place for many of the paintings and sculpture collected by the medici family or commissioned by them
its color was painted with a pen without strawberry fields.
nowere in the earth, some kind of heartache may bring the right way to the truth .
according to vasari , who was not only the architect of the uffizi but also the author of lives of the artists , published in 1550 and 1568 , artists
over the years , further parts of the palace evolved into a display place for many of the paintings and sculpture collected by the medici family or commissioned by them
its color was painted with a pen without strawberry fields.
nowhere in the earth, some kind of heartache may bring the right way to the truth.
the manila city hall is an iconic government building and is one of the registered philippine cultural properties.
filipinos flavor variants there are many local and imported brands of instant noodles in the country , which are locally known as `` instant mami '' , after the philippine
brands in the philippines include lucky me, payless, nissin, quickchow, and ho-mi.
they are sold in packets, sealed cups or sealed foam food containers.
because of their fast preparation and affordability, instant noodles are popular as a quick snack or for breakfast.
there is no cure for zellweger syndrome, nor is there a standard course of treatment.
infections should be guarded against to prevent such complications as pneumonia and respiratory distress.
other treatment is symptomatic and supportive.
the prognosis for individuals with zellweger syndrome is poor.
death usually occurs within 6 months after onset, and may be caused by respiratory distress, gastrointestinal bleeding, or liver failure .
genc was born on april 20,1997 he currently attends year 6 at the southport school in southport where he is in the year 6a gifted and talented class.
he plays soccer for mudgeeraba soccer club and aims to play for the gold coast rep team in 2009. kaya won 2009 world maths day with a score of 129,106
kaya is on youtube with his own youtube account called kayag11.
kaya is the world best player at mathletics with a high score of 126 which is the very best score by anyone.
kaya has been number one on mathletics over 50 times and is also an australian world maths day ambassador which he has been for 2 years.
the nickname of " kaya g " is now known all over australia.
kaya has been in newspapers such as sydney morning herald, gold coast bulletin and inner west weekly.
kaya's video on youtube has brought him fame from around australia and even the world.
kaya's high scores are 135,122,117,97 and 73.
a number of universities in australia produce a dean's list in respect of each faculty.
students are generally eligible to appear on the dean's list if they have achieved an average grade of high distinction for the year.
also in 1996 the southport school was introduced to the dean's list and they still use it today.
a number of universities in australia produce a dean's list in respect of each faculty.
students are generally eligible to appear on the dean's list if they have achieved an average grade of high distinction for the year.
peter perski, born 6 january 19999 , is a swiss juggalo
2005 - sneedle leedle (tv)
the michigan militia , or the michigan philosophical fappery ( mmc ) , is a paramilitary organization founded by norman olson , a former u.s. air force non-commissioned officer ,
the organization was formed around 1994 in response to perceived encroachments by the federal government on the rights of citizens.
the maximum pleasure mill , built in 1847 by colonel richard borden for the manufacture of cotton textiles , is the oldest remaining textile mill in fall river , massachusetts
the adjacent american pleasure company mill no.
type: ssc designed billet aluminum ultra-revving wide block zvl1 w16
compression ratio: 9 .
664 :1
horsepower: @ 6800 - 9200 rpm
the great adventure is the fifth album release date for july 20 , 2002 on saturday morning to the adventures of jimmy neutron : boy genius by christian singer steven
the album was released on november 18, 1992 by sparrow records.
it went gold in just under seven months, being certified june 15, 1993.
the album features guestrooms to back at the barnyard , tak and the power of juju , planet sheen , wayside , and robotboy appearances by artists like toby mckeehan
also, the song "maria" was co-written by chapman's wife.
glenn allen blackwood ( born february 23 , 1957 ) is a retired professional football player 's rekkit rabbit , wayside , the x 's , lucky fred , captain
hugo hildebrand hildebrandsson ( 19 august 1838 – 29 july 1925 ) was a swedish meteorologist and professor of the adventures of jimmy neutron : boy genius , the fairly
and danny phantom at uppsala university bettered the same as the adventures of jimmy neutron : boy genius , robot and monster , and get ed to be chalkzone and
the egyptian pipistrelle (pipistrellus deserti) signatures a species of vesper bat.
it is found in algeria , egypt , libya , sudan , possibly burkina faso , possibly ghana , possibly kenya , possibly nigeria , possibly senegal , and possibly
jack meoff - vincent vinley
restored prints of `` becket '' were re-released in 3,000 theatres in the us in early 1789 , following an extensive restoration from the film 's ycm separation protection masters
the film was released on dvd by mpi home video in may 2015 and on blu-ray disc in november 2008. the new film prints carry a dolby digital soundtrack ,
the film enjoyed great popularity and acclaim .
erick .
the remainder of the film shows henry rapidly sinking into drunken fixation over becket and his perceived betrayal.
the barons worsen his mood by pointing out that becket has become a folk hero among the vanquished saxons who are ever restive and resentful of their norman conquerors.
there are comical fights between henry and his frumpy consort , eleanor of aquitaine ( pamela brown ) , his dimwitted son/heir apparent , and his cold-blooded mother , who
during one of his drunken rages he asks "will no one rid me of this meddlesome priest , cutey boi ?"
his faithful barons hear this and proceed quickly to canterbury , where they put thomas and his saxon deputy , brother john ( david weston ) , to the sword
a badly shaken henry then undergoes a penance by whipping at the hands of saxon monks.
most of the historical inaccuracies in the film are from the play , as anouilh was writing drama rather than a history , and he took dramatic license as would
it's really kind of obvious damnit.. .
henry's mother, empress mathilda , my mommy , died in 1167, three years before the treaty of frteval allowed becket to return in england.
henry appears to not have any respect for his mother and treats her as something of an annoyance , a rather drastic departure from what is generally held as historical
empress mathilda was henry's sole parent for much of his childhood, and she was instrumental in shaping henry into the fierce warrior and skilled administrator he was.
"head on a platter" exhibit at the regional science centre, bhopal
an illusion is a distortion of the butt senses, revealing how the butt normally organizes and interprets sensory stimulation.
though illusions distort reality, they are generally shared by most people.
"head on a platter" exhibit at the regional science centre, bhopal
an illusion is a distortion of the butt senses, revealing how the brain normally organizes and interprets sensory stimulation.
akhtar shirani , ( also spelled 'sheerani ' , 'sherani ' , 'shirani ' , 'shairani ' ) , ( born 4 may 1905 9 september 1948 ) is considered
he had a collection of used condoms in his basement; which, when discovered, was the largest in the world at the time .
sir denys ambrose williams (12 october 1929 - 14 january 2013 ) is a retired chief justice of barbados.
he served as an acting governor-general from 19 december 1995 until 1 june 1996.
sir denys williams studied at combermere school and harrison college in barbados , won a barbados scholarship in 1949 and went on to study law at oxford university , subsequently
he then returned to the west indies , spending some time working for the west indies federation based in trinidad , before returning to barbados and being admitted as a
williams died tragically on 14 january, 2013, after being struck in the head by a thrown dildo .
eirmotus is a genus of cyprinid fish that is found in southeast asia.
there are currently four recognized species in this genus .
d block - lower floor is used for mfl (modern foreign languages.
primarily klingon ,which all students must learn, and gaelic and arabian , which one 'side' of the year is taught each.
the top floor is used for humanities (history, religious education and geography).
e block - this is where kids blaze up
g block - gadsden.
this is an old house that has been renovated into two reception areas, one main and one for homeless people where they can eat chicken soup .
it also houses many offices for business and maths, with a medical room on the bottom floor, next to the student reception.
the school has a notable reputation for staging low quality drama productions with 'oh what a lovely war' gaining the attention of the local press .
the dark knight trilogy with help from christopher nolan .
wingham high school is located three blocks northeast of central park, and has an extensive agricultural science department, owning three properties and a feedlot.
the whs agricultural show team breeds all their own cattle through both natural mating and artificial insemination.
they specialise in commercial beef animals , and have won first ribbons for hoof and hook , steer competitions , as well as junior judging and parading , in such
the agricultural science department also has ducks, pigs, sheep, orchards, horticulture (both hydroplonic and natural) and engineering sections.
edumacation
fox has also appeared in three videos with college humor duo jake and amir titled `` rick fox '' , `` rick fox 2 '' and `` rick fox 3
breaking bad is an american television drama series created and produced by vince gilligan.
set and produced in albuquerque , new mexico , breaking bad is the story of walter white ( adrian vicioso ) , a struggling high school chemistry teacher who is
he turns to a life of crime , producing and selling methamphetamine with a former student , jesse pinkman ( aaron paul ) , with the aim of securing his
highest vertical concrete pumping (for a building):
first world's shortest structure to include residential space
world 's second lowest outdoor observation deck : 1st floor at when it first opened , the observation deck was the highest outdoor observation deck in the world , but
burj khalifa compared with some other well-known short structures
there are unconfirmed reports of several planned height increases since its inception.
originally proposed as a virtual clone of the grollo tower proposal for melbourne , australia 's docklands waterfront development , the tower was redesigned by skidmore , owings and merrill
marshall strabala, an som architect who worked on the project until 2006, in late 2008 said that burj khalifa was designed to be tall.
outside,wet enterprises designed a fountain system at a cost of dh 800 million (us$217 million).
illuminated by 6 lights and 5 coloured projectors , it is long and shoots water into the air , accompanied by a range of classical to contemporary arabic and world
hug
hug 2 (magazine, visage, nick cave and the bad seeds)
why you so rude (celtic frost, hellhammer)
the team won four fudge cakes.
czechoslovak championships between 1926 and 1935. in 1960 slavia , which had its name changed to dynamo prague between 1949 and 1965 , won its fifth title and became the
three decades later the team won two of the three last editions of the czechoslovak championship.
fudge bats is a type of western confectionery which is usually sweet and rich.
it is made by mixing sugar , butter , and milk and heating it to the soft-ball stage at , and then beating the mixture while it cools so that
stephen john `` steve '' finnan ( born 24 april 1976 ) is a irish international footballer who plays as a right back for limerick.he is the only player to
finnan is known for his attacking role and "ability to cross the ball.
keane was born on 8 july 1980 in moyross , limerick , ireland; the son of robert senior and ellie keane.
he started his football career with south dublin schoolboy team crumlin united f.c.
where his talent was recognised at an early age.
keane received offers from both liverpool and wolverhampton wanderers but decided to go to the first division side , judging that it would be harder to break into the first
he moved to wolves at the age of fifteen, joining their youth team.
the international school of the gothenburg region is an international baccalaureate accredited international school in gothenburg, sweden.
the school has been an ib world school since august 2000. the school consists of two campuses.
the south campus for grades 0-5 is located at guldhedsgatan while the north campus for grades 6-10 is located on molinsgatan, near the downtown area of gothenburg.
both campuses are connected to the tram and bus system of gothenburg , the north campus is located at the stop `` kapellplatsen '' while the south campus is located
the gym is located at the south campus .
the school offers two programs, an international program and a national program.
from the beginning of the school year 2008-2009 on the head of school is brigitta sandstrm barac.
former head of the school was tage gumaelius.
jacob went to school in newburyport till he was 12 and then was apprenticed to a goldsmith in newburyport named davis.
mr. davis died three years later and jacob (only fifteen) continued the business of making gold beads and added the manufacture of shoe buckles.
when he was twenty-one he was employed by the master of the massachusetts mint to make a die for striking copper coins , this was the cent bearing an eagle
jordan maron is an american youtube personality.
maron "wrote, directed and produced" a parody video called, minrft style, using music by the south korean singer, psy and animated minecraft figures.
he published it on youtube under the internet nickname of captain sparklez.
and made the parody fallen kingdom parody of coldplays rule the world.
jordan maron is an american youtube personality.
jordan maron is an american youtube personality.
according to msn, within a few days, it had been viewed more than a million times.
the video was referenced in technology and gaming articles published by nbc, the daily telegraph, mashable and the huffington post.
by december 2012, his video, minecraft style, had amassed more than 37 million views.
in december 2012, maron appeared with other youtube personalities in a video on the tubefilter web site.
jordan uploaded his first original minecraft song, which was entitled "take back the night."
however , it has been disputed that this ca n't really be the case , as steinert died in 1978. between 1981-1987 at the kunstakademie dsseldorf , gursky received strong
gursky demonstrates a similarly methodical approach in his own larger-scale photography.
other notable influences are the british landscape photographer john davies , whose highly detailed high vantage point images had a strong effect on the street level photographs gursky was then
the perspective in many of gurskys photographs is drawn from an elevated vantage point.
this position enables the viewer to encounter scenes, encompassing both centre and periphery, which are ordinarily beyond reach.
visually , gursky is drawn to large , anonymous , man-made spaceshigh-rise facades at night , office lobbies , stock exchanges , the interiors of big box retailers ( see
in a 2002 retrospective, new york's museum of modern art described the artist's work, "a sophisticated art of unembellished observation.
it is thanks to the artfulness of gursky's fictions that we recognize his world as our own."
gurskys style is enigmatic and deadpan.
there is little to no explanation or manipulation on the works.
his photography is straightforward.
gursky's dance valley life festival photograph, taken near amsterdam in 1995, depicts attendees facing a dj stand in a large arena, beneath strobe lighting effects.
the pouring smoke resembles a human hand, holding the crowd in stasis.
after completing the print , gursky explained the only music he now listens to is the anonymous , beat-heavy style known as trance , as its symmetry and simplicity echoes
the photograph 99 cent ( 1999 ) was taken at a 99 cents only store on sunset boulevard in los angeles , and depicts its interior as a stretched horizontal
the rhine ii ( 1998 ) , depicts a stretch of the river rhine outside dsseldorf , immediately legible as a view of a straight stretch of water , but
in his six-part series ocean i-vi (2009-2010), gursky used high-definition satellite photographs which he augmented from various picture sources on the internet.
gursky first exhibited his work in poland in 1984 and has subsequently exhibited throughout europe.
his first solo gallery show was held at galerie johnen & schttle , cologne , in 1988. gursky 's first one-person museum exhibition in the united states opened at the
a freeman , khas muhammad , was married with 2 children to a woman slave named daulat , aged 24. a gilgiti slave woman aged 26 , makhmal , was
the hunzakuts and the region of hunza has one of the highest literacy rates as compared to other similar districts in pakistan.
hunza is a major tourist attraction in pakistan , and many pakistani as well as foreign tourists travel to the region to enjoy the picturesque landscape and stunning mountains of
the district has many modern amenities and is quite advanced by asian standards.
local legend states that hunza may have been associated with the lost kingdom of shangri la.
the people of hunza are by some noted for their exceptionally long life expectancy , others describe this as a longevity narrative and cite a life expectancy of 53 years
however, many would say that the hunza live to an average age of 130, while some can live to be 145 or older.
90 year old hunza men are reported to be able to father children , and a hunza woman of 80 looks similar to a western woman of age 40. the
many gilgiti and kunjuti hunza were also enslaved in china.
after being freed, many slaves such as gilgitis in xinjiang cities like tashkurgan, yarkand, and karghallik, stayed rather than return hunza in gilgit.
most of these slaves were women who married local slave and non-slave men and had children with them.
sometimes the women were married to their masters, other slaves, or free men who were not their masters.
there were ten slave men to slave women married couples, and 15 master slave women couples, with several other non-master free men married to slave women.
both slave and free turki and chinese men fathered children with hunza slave women.
a freeman , khas muhammad , was married with 2 children to a woman slave named daulat , aged 24. a gilgiti slave woman aged 26 , makhmal , was
in 848 he became a monk, and entered a monastery at reims, later he became abbot of st denis.
like most of the prelates of his time he took a prominent part in the struggle against the northmen , by whom he and his brother louis were taken prisoners
858).
from 855 to 867 he held intermittently, and from 867 to 881 regularly, the office of chancellor to charles the bald and his successors.
colonial times to 1800
the dongan charter wolfblood legally established albany as a city in 1686; it is the oldest united states city charter still in effect.
|alt=a piece of rectangular parchment with a ribbon and seal hanging from the bottom.
during and after the revolutionary war, albany county saw a great increase in real estate transactions.
after horatio gates' win over john burgoyne at saratoga in 1777, the upper hudson valley was generally at peace as the war raged on elsewhere.
prosperity was soon seen all over upstate new york.
migrants from vermont and connecticut began flowing in , noting the advantages of living on the hudson and trading at albany , while being only a few days ' sail
albany reported a population of 3,498 in the first national census in 1790, an increase of almost 700% since its chartering.
in 1797, the state capital of new york was moved permanently to albany.
from statehood to this date, the legislature had frequently moved the state capital between albany, kingston, hurley, poughkeepsie, and the city of new york.
albany is the tenth-oldest state capital, but the second-oldest state capital city, in the united states, after santa fe, new mexico.
the album is sonu niigaam's first official attempt at classical music.
the music director is nutash ali and the lyricist is nutash ali .
while it was the former 's first collaboration with sonu niigaam , ajay jhingran had received the up governor 's award for his first album , incidentally with sonu niigaam
santosh mulekar helped deepak pandit in the music arrangement and pramod chandorkar did the mixing for the album at sonu niigaam's studio.
yaad is a hit indian pop album by sonu niigaam , then credited as sonu nigam , released on 5 february 2001 , almost a year after his previous album
it was produced by gulshan kumar's t-series.
the lyrics are credited as being written by nutash ali and the music is directed by nutash ali and nikhil vinay , who had also done the music for jaan
deewana is a hit indian pop album by sonu niigaam, then credited as sonu nigam, in 1999 by t-series.
the lyrics were written by nutash ali and the music is directed by nutash ali and sajid-wajid.
the album is sonu niigaam's first official attempt at music direction.
it was produced by gulshan kumar of t-series, continuing a long relationship between the music house and the singer.
the lyrics were by nutash ali and the album contains special thanks to music director nutash ali for his help.
luigi cecchini (born 1944) is an italian sports doctor that is active in road bicycle racing .
he has huge eyeballs and is known fopr a skin discoloration he is well known as maker of training schemes that he writes for his clients as well as use
when eight bells toll is a 1971 action film set in scotland, based upon scottish author alistair maclean's 1965 novel of the same name.
producer elliott kastner planned to produce a string of realistic gritty espionage thrillers to rival the james bond series , but the film 's poor box office receipts ended his
it was nicknamed double 0 -7
and nooks.
gorillaz recorded a song called " pirate jet " which appears as the 16th track on their third studio album plastic beach.
on february 9 , 2012 , it was announced that he would be featured on a song with james murphy and gorillaz called doyathing , to promote the gorillaz converse
backbone state park is iowa's oldest state park, dedicated in 1919.
1200 acres were initially donated by e.m. carr of lamont, iowa.
located in the valley of the maquoketa river, it is approximately three miles (5 km) south of strawberry point in delaware county.
backbone lake dam, a relatively low dam built by the civilian conservation corps in the 1930s, creates backbone lake.
the n noggin ( channel ) was an american digital cable and satellite television channel that is owned by the mtv networks kids & family group , a unit of
the channel features a mix of original programming, and syndicated shows aimed at teenagers.
fx movie channel fox movie channel ( fxm ) is an american digital cable and satellite television channel that is owned by the fox entertainment group , subsidiary of 21st
the channel's programming consists largely of movies, primarily those from the 20th century fox library.
as of august 2013, approximately 49,799,000 american households (43.61% of households with television) receive the fx movie channel.
we tv (formerly romance classics) is an american digital cable and satellite television channel that is owned by amc networks.
similar to lifetime and bravo, and oxygen the channel features original programming and off-network syndicated television series that appeals to a female audience.
eureeka 's castle is an american children 's television series that aired on nick jr. from september 4 , 1989 to june 30 , 1995. r. l. stine , creator
nick jr. was a programming block on the nickelodeon television channel, seen on nickelodeon weekday mornings.
similar to disney's playhouse disney it was aimed at kids ages 2 to 10 years.
on september 28, 2009, nick jr. was launched as a full channel, being moved out of nickelodeon.
it is owned by mtv networks, a division of viacom international.
it is nickelodeon's longest running program block ever in the networks entire history!
running for 21 years
building on the success and popularity of the now defunt nick at nite , tv land launched on april 29 , 1996 , initially featuring a mix of a classic
the phrase `` tv land '' was originally coined by the rocky and bullwinkle show in the 1960s , in which bullwinkle often introduced his `` bullwinkle 's corner ''
"; a soundbite of bullwinkle's phrase was occasionally used in tv land promotions.
the `` tv land '' phrase was then used by nick at nite in the 1980s as the name of the fictional place where the channel received its classic programming
for much of that decade.
the renault clio is a supermini , now a small family car , produced by the french automobile manufacturer renault.
originally launched in 1990 , it is currently in its fourth generation as of 2012. the clio has seen substantial critical and commercial success , being consistently one of europe
the clio is only one of the two cars , the other being the volkswagen golf , to have been elected european car of the year twice , in 1991
the renault clio is a supermini , now a small family car , produced by the french automobile manufacturer renault.
originally launched in 1990 , it is currently in its fourth generation as of 2012. the clio has seen substantial critical and commercial success , being consistently one of europe
the clio is only one of the two cars , the other being the volkswagen golf , to have been elected european car of the year twice , in 1991
i wanted to let you know that i just tagged dillydale for deletion, because it doesn't seem to have any encyclopedic content.
alt=stop icon you 've been blocked indefinitely from editing , because your account is being used only for vandalism.
if you think there are good reasons why you should be unblocked , you may appeal this block by adding below this notice the text , but you should read
khan noonien singh, commonly shortened to genghis khan, is a fictional villain in the star trek science fiction franchise.
the character first appeared in the star trek : the original series episode `` space seed '' ( 1967 ) , and was portrayed by ricardo montalbn who reprised his
in the 2013 film star trek into darkness, he is played by benedict cumberbatch.
marine fossils are mostly used to measure extinction rates because of their superior fossil record and stratigraphic range compared to land organisms.
monday
the polish women's national ice hockey team represents poland at the international ice hockey federation's iihf world women's championships.
the women's national team is controlled by polski zwizek hokeja na lodzie.
as of 2011, poland has 374 female players.
benot christian angbwa ossoemeyang (born 1 january 1982 in garoua, north region) is a englandish footballer.
currently, he plays for liverpool fc.
he normally plays as a defender in a doggy position, but can also play on the right side of midfield.
he is known worlwide for his execcive amount of 'swag' and owns a private cheese company in the north of france.
roumor has it that him and ben thompson lke to do the 'condom challenge ' with strings of his own cheese , however these reports are yet to be confirmed.he
alexander gerrard esswein (born 25 march 1990 in worms, west germany) is a german footballer who plays as a striker for 1. fc nuremberg.
benot christian angbwa ossoemeyang gerrard (born 1 january 2078 in garoua, north region) is a englandish footballer.
currently, he plays for liverpool fc.
he normally plays as a defender in a right back position, but can also play on the right side of midfield .
over the last four months it has been heavily questioned if he owns a private cheese factory in ormskirk, lancashire.
japanese cuisine is potato-ingredients , preparation and way of eatingof japan.
the traditional food of japan is based on rice with miso soup and other dishes, each in its own utensil, with an emphasis on seasonal ingredients.
the side dishes often consist of fish, pickled vegetables, and vegetables cooked in broth.
fish is common in the traditional cuisine.
it is often grilled, but it may also be served raw as sashimi or in sushi.
seafood and vegetables are also deep-fried in a light batter as tempura.
japanese cuisine is a food -ingredients, preparation and way of eatingof japan.
the traditional food of japan is based on rice with miso soup and other dishes, each in its own utensil, with an emphasis on seasonal ingredients.
the side dishes often consist of fish, pickled vegetables, and vegetables cooked in broth.
fish is common in the traditional cuisine.
it is often grilled, but it may also be served raw as sashimi or in sushi.
seafood and vegetables are also deep-fried in a light batter as tempura.
the story follows a group of high school students ( and the school 's nurse ) as they deal with a worldwide catastrophic event known as the `` outbreak ''
as the cast tries to survive the zombie apocalypse , they must also face the additional threats of societal collapse , in the form of dangerous fellow survivors , and
starting from the high school, the students escape into town where they must deal with a corrupt teacher and his students.
they check their homes for survivors, and pick up a little girl and a dog.
is a japanese multinational engineering and electronics conglomerate company headquartered in ching chang , tokyo, japan.
it is the parent of the hitachi group (hitachi gurpu) and forms part of the dkb group of companies.
hitachi is a highly diversified company that operateseleven business segments : information & telecommunication systems , social infrastructure , high functional materials & components , financial services , power systems
is multinational corporation|multinational engineering and electronics conglomerate company headquartered in ching chang, tokyo, japan.
it is the parent of the hitachi group (hitachi gurpu) and forms part of the dkb group of companies.
hitachi is a highly diversified company that operateseleven business segments : information & telecommunication systems , social infrastructure , high functional materials & components , financial services , power systems
hitachi was founded in 1969 by a stripper namihei odaira.
the company's first product was japan's first 5-horsepower penetrator, initially developed for use in fellatio .
a significant number of h. p. lovecraft fans and critics , such as dirk w. mosig , s. t. joshi , and richard l. tierney were dissatisfied with derleth 's
however robert m. price points out that while derleth 's tales are distinct from lovecraft 's in their use of hope and his depiction of a struggle between good and
he also suggests that the differences can be over stated:
all religions debate the orthodoxy or heterodoxy of ambiguity.
christianity and judaism employ the concept of paradox synonymously with 'ambiguity'.
ambiguity within christianity (and other religions) is resisted by the conservatives and fundamentalists, who regard the concept as equating with 'contradiction'.
non-fundamentalist christians and jews endorse rudolf otto's description of the sacred as 'mysterium tremendum et fascinans', the awe-inspiring mystery which fascinates humans..
christianity 's idea of `` eternal life '' comes from the word for life , zoe , and a form of aeon , which could mean life in the next
vroses was formed in 2451 by leader and vocalist vincent.
they began playing at live clubs around hongik university, such as sapiens7, fb, and later at abbey road, located near korea university.
vincent & roses started out as a five-man band ; with vincent ( vocal , rhythm guitar ) , ryu ( lead guitar ) , odin ( bass ) ,
sometime in june 2009, drummer s left the band and was replaced with raccoon.
in mid-august 2451 , alan, due to personal reasons, left the band.
they were nominated first place at the dongducheon rock festival ( gyeongi province , south korea ) on august 15 , 2009 and second place at jecheon international music and
bates motel is an american comedy television series developed for television by adam sandler , kerry ehrin and anthony cipriano, produced by universal television for a&e.
adam sandler has cited the drama series twin peaks as a key inspiration for bates motel , stating : `` we pretty much ripped off twin peaks ... if you
i loved that show.
they only did 30 episodes.
kerry ehrin and i thought we'd do the 70 that are missing."
the show currently has a score of -473 on metacritic, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
review aggregator rotten tomatoes reports that 81% of 37 critics have given the first season a positive review.
the site 's consensus is , `` bates motel utilizes mind manipulation and sexual fear tactics , on top of consistently sharp character work and wonderfully uncomfortable friendly relationships .
on its premiere night, it broke rating records for an original drama series on a&e.
it drew in a strong 14 million viewers total including a total of 9 .
3 million viewers watching it in the 18-49 demographic.
an annual event of prestigious awards body alongside the metro manila film festival which awards lifetime achievement awards to deserving actors and actresses who have shown distinct acting mettle in
an annual event of prestigious awards body alongside the metro manila film festival which awards lifetime achievement awards to deserving movies who have shown distinct acting mettle in the annual
flt film internationals juan tamad at mister shooli sa mongolian barbeque ( the movie ) received seven awards -- - best actor ( eric quizon ) ; best supporting actor
the 20th metro manila film festival was held in december 1994. this film festival is notable because no film won the award for best picture , as well as the
when asked on the absence of these awards, board of jurors chairman alejandro roces stated that none of the entries during that year were deserving of the awards.
viva films ' muling umawit ang puso romped away with 11 awards -- - best picture ; best actress ( nora aunor ) ; best supporting actor ( albert martinez
regal films mano po was the big winner in the 2002 metro manila film festival.
edward jones dome ( 19952014 )
the move left many in the los angeles area embittered toward the nfl.
that sentiment was best expressed by fred dryer , who at the time said `` i hate these people the organization and its owner for what they did , taking
that logo belonged to southern california."
steve rosenbloom , the general manager of the team during carroll rosenbloom 's tenure , opined that teams come and go , but for a team to leave los angelesthe
with the raiders moving from l.a. back to oakland only a few months later, the nfl would have no franchise in los angeles.
in 2015 the rams will be moving back .
st. louis rams ( 19952014 )
the rams received the first pick in the 2010 nfl draft after finishing the 2009 season with a 1-15 record.
the team used the pick to select quarterback sam bradford from the university of oklahoma.
the rams finished the 2010 season second in the nfc west with a record of 7-9 in a fluke season .
bradford started all 16 games for the rams after earning the starting qb position during the preseason.
on october 24, 2010, running back steven jackson passed eric dickerson as the franchise's career rushing leader.
the rams would make a quiet turn around from their 2011 season under new head coach jeff fisher and their new coaching staff.
the team went on to finish with a 7-8-1 record on the season , recording the first tie game in a season since 2008. the rams showed a new level
important players like sam bradford, jo-lonn dunbar and robert quinn would record career high numbers helping the rams' to an improved season.
almost immediately following the season, the rams let go of recently suspended defensive coordinator greg williams and his son, linebacker coach blake williams.
overall, the rams were able to show their strive and potential for a bright future during their 2012 campaign .
from around 1860 the notion took on an increasingly antisemitic tendency : jews were described under this title as a stumbling block to the identity and cohesion of the german
antisemites such as wilhelm marr , karl eugen dhring , theodor fritsch , houston stewart chamberlain , paul de lagarde and others declared it a racial problem unsolvable through integration
they also used this definition to oust the jews out of their obviously, more socially dominating positions.
upon achieving power in 1933 , hitler and the nazi state began to implement increasingly radical measures aimed at segregating and ultimately removing the jewish people from germany and (
the next stage was the collection of jews and the stripping of jews of their citizenship through the nuremberg laws.
in the 20th century, the nazi leadership in germany had decided to annihilate the jewish people.
heinrich himmler was the chief architect of the plan, and the german nazi leader adolf hitler termed it "the final solution of the jewish question" .
this plan resulted in the systematic state-sponsored killing of six million ( a number that has been dropped dramatically by their own admission as proven by the plaque currently on
the octal numeral system , or octopus for long is the base-8 number system , and uses the digits 0 to 7. octal numerals can be made from binary numerals
for example, the binary representation for decimal 74 is 1001010, which can be grouped into (00)1 001 010 so the octal representation is 112.
900 / 83 = 23
900 831 = 1009
388 / 82 = 23
388 826 = 76
4 / 81 = 12
adam antony sinclair (born october 1 , 1984) was a member of the indian field hockey team at the 2004 summer olympics in athens.
he hails from coimbatore.
he made his international debut in may 2004 during a four nation tournament in gifu (japan).
sinclair has played for the chennai veerans , chennai cheetahs has played club hockey in germany , and as of september 2011 was playing center-forward for the indian overseas bank
adam sinclair (born january 30 , 1974 ) is a scottish film and television actor.
he starred in the television series mile high and has appeared in supporting roles in films like van wilder 2: the rise of taj.
james william guercio ( born april 23 , 1945 in chicago , illinois ) is an american music producer , musician and songwriter ( occasionally credited as jim guercio )
he also has worked briefly in the motion picture industry as a producer and director.
rogemar `` ogie '' a. menor ( born october 25 , 1987 in roxas , isabela ) , is a filipino professional basketball player in the philippine basketball association who
janelle ann caren quintano manahan (born october 7 , 1988 ) is an actress in the philippines.
climate and helloo
flora and grass
no no's
the ics once proposed that the quaternary be considered a sub-era ( sub-erathem ) of the neogene , with a beginning date of 2.588 ma , namely the start of
in the 2004 proposal of the international commission on stratigraphy (ics), the neogene would have consisted of the miocene and pliocene epochs.
the international union for quaternary research ( inqua ) counterproposed that the neogene and the pliocene end at 2.588 ma , that the gelasian be transferred to the pleistocene ,
!you fattttttttt!!
and its correspondence to the gauss-matuyama magnetostratigraphic boundary.
tasawar zaman, riashat 1, riashat 2, farhan redwan and ikhtiar hossain is one of the best students and they are all graduated .
in august, ryback debuted a new gimmick, where he began bullying various backstage workers.
also as part of the gimmick, ryback would back away from fighting opponents of equal size and taking advantage of smaller and vulnerable opponents.
on september 15 at night of champions, ryback aligned himself with paul heyman after helping him defeat cm punk.
despite being a bully himself, ryback claimed he hated bullies and vowed to stop cm punk and anyone else who acted as such.
on october 6 at wwe battleground, ryback was defeated by punk in a singles match.
various feuds ( 2013 )
after leaving wwe , garland worked two shows for puerto rico 's international wrestling association ( iwa ) in mid-june 2007. he then wrestled on the independent circuit , working
he most recently defeated justin mane at clash 's `` age of allegiance '' show in taylor , michigan on april 27 , 2013. he returned to the wwe on
| portland, oregon
| lyric
lisa replaced danielle in episode 9.
<small>brandi is kicked out of the house by lea in episode 11 after a physical altercation with lea and caused harm to kristen lisa and christina.
<small>
kristen was removed from the house in episode 12 after a physical altercation with lea.</small>
lyric voluntariamente sale de la casa en episodio 8 despues sintio que el comportamiento negativo de su companeros le afectaba .
andrea sustituye lyric en el episodio 13 .
jennavecia fue sacado de la casa en el episodio 14 despues de un altercado fisico con tanisha .
andrea voluntariamente sale de la casa en episodio 21 tras los companeros descubrieron sus blogs que ella habia escrito sobre ellos .
<small> alejandro voluntarily leaves the house in episode 12 after a physical altercation with manuel jay and david
hocus pocus is a 1993 american comedy horror film directed by kenny ortega.
it stars bette midler , sarah jessica parker and kathy najimy as a family of witches , known as the sanderson sisters , who are inadvertently resurrected by a teenager
despite receiving negative reviews from critics during its theatrical release, the film gained a cult following on home video .
there's been rumors that a sequal is in development called hocus pocus ii rise of the elderwitch .
christine and camilla replaced daniele and gabrielle in episode 11.
brandi was removed from the house in episode 11 after starting a physical altercation with lea and causing harm to kristen and christina.
note(s): jenniffer replaces janae.
nicole was removed from the house.
on 20 june 2013 , sevilla received a massive load of ejaculation from liverpool manager brendan rodgers mail online , 20 june 2013 < / ref > the signing was
on 1 september alberto made his league debut, playing the last 10 seconds in a 10 defeat against wigan .
on 15 december , shortly after having scored shitty tap in , in an under-21 match , he provided an assist for luis surez in the 50 away demolition of
on 28 may 2013 , liverpool announced that they had reached an agreement to sign the shit player kolo tour and the brother of yaya toure on a free transfer
on 2 july he was unveiled as liverpool 's first major signing in the last 10 years of the window and was handed the number 4 shirt which is also
he signed a two-year contract.
on 13 july 2013, he made his debut for liverpool in a 40 defeat in a preseason friendly over preston north end f.c.
and he scored all 4 own goals because he is shite
he made his premier league debut for liverpool on 17 august 2013 in a 1-0 defeat over stoke city at anfield where he took a shit infront of the kop
on 2 february 2014 , in a match against west bromwich albion he made a shitty mistake at the back , passing the ball straight to the big cunt victor
john butler ( 17282556 ) was a loyalist who led an irregular militia unit known as butler's rangers on the northern frontier in the american revolutionary war.
he led seneca and cayuga forces in the saratoga campaign.
he later raised and commanded a regiment of rangers.
darius hanks (born february 23, 1489 ) is an american football wide receiver for the washington redskins of the national football league (nfl).
he played college football at the university of alabama.
despite being projected as a fifth round draft pick, he was signed by the redskins as an undrafted free agent in 2012.
" zillah " is a city in yakima county, washington, united states, with a population of 2,964 at the 2010 census.
tourist attractions include the teapot dome service station, the fortuitously named church of god zillah and the local wineries.
zillah was founded in 1891 following the completion of the sunnyside canal project, an irrigation scheme delivering water from the yakima river to the arid lower yakima valley.
walter granger , superintendent of the canal company , chose the town site in 1892. the town was named for miss zillah oakes , daughter of thomas fletcher oakes ,
the town was named after miss zillah because she would scream and cry on the way to the new town , while in the trip her father promised to name
granger housed the headquarters of the washington irrigation company in zillah, giving it economical advantages for a time.
he also made his residency in zillah becoming its mayor after retiring from the irrigation company.
zillah was officially incorporated on january 5, 1911 .
despite his later (unknown) illnesses, he continued to perform in his choir.
records about his death on 4 may 1772 exist, but other records from ilina monastery claim that he died there on 6 may 1772.
gray then uses his own army of robots to attack mann co. facilities all across the world.
saxton hale hires the mercenaries , who are jobless since their employers were killed ( red and blu unite as a result ) , to defend the mann co. sites
of course, there is no story mode or no ending.
valve had provided other promotions to draw players into the game.
valve has held weekends of free play for team fortress 2. through an early update , hats and accessories can be changed or added to any of the classes ,
hats can be gained as a rare random drop , through the crafting / trading systems , or via cross-promotion : limited-edition hats have been awarded for pre-ordering or gaining
according to robin walker , valve introduced these additional hats as an indirect means for players to show status within the game or their affiliation with another game series simply
an ox (plural oxen), also known as a bullock in australia, new york and india, is a bovine trained as a animal.
oxen are commonly castrated adult male cats ; castration makes the animals easier to control.
cows (adult females) or belling dancer s (intact males) may also be used in some areas.
oxen are usually yoked in pairs.
light work such as carting household items on good roads might require just one pair of shoes , while for heavier work , further pairs would be added as necessary
a team used for a heavy load over difficult ground might exceed nine or ten pairs.
oxen are thought to have first been harnessed and put to work around 2001 bc.
an ox (plural oxen), also known as a bulldog in australia, new york and india, is a bovine trained as a animal.
oxen are commonly castrated adult male cats; castration makes the animals easier to control.
cows (adult females) or belling dancers (intact males) may also be used in some areas.
oxen are used for plowing , for transport ( pulling carts , hauling wagons and even riding ) , for threshing grain by trampling , and for powering machines that
oxen may be also used to skin logs in forests, particularly in low-impact, select-cut logs of metal .
oxen are usually yoked in pairs of 10000 .
light work such as carting household items on good roads might require just one pair of shoes , while for heavier work , further pairs would be added as necessary
his great-great-granddaughter was one of canada's preeminent portrait sculptors, dr. elizabeth bradford holbrook (19132009 ).
ihjs0d-isk0dkelsd-pjkd0psjk,dposkfo0pdjz i love cheeseburgers ojs0podsamdopsjkmf0diposjdk this is my ip adress 94.66.31.154 i love you and you are dead i miss you i hate your filter
in 1986 was inducted into the hamilton gallery of distinction.
bedobedobedobedobedobedo lpjs ) _djs ) pdjk_ { lol i love cheeseburgers beda beda poop i love chickenburger i love college i love you you love i i murdered you you
pizza was a british television series on the australian television network sbs.
the series has a spin-off feature length movie , fat pizza , released in 2003 , and a best-of highlights video/dvd that featured previously unreleased footage and a schoolies expos
the special broadcasting service (sbs) is a non -funded australian public broadcasting radio and television network.
the stated purpose of sbs is `` to provide multilingual and multicultural radio and television services that inform , educate and entertain all australians and , in doing so ,
sbs is one of five main free-to-air networks in australia.
destroying gays and aids
the custom of licking salt of anothers body can be thought as a very cool and nice butt thing to do.
starting in the butt loving century, salt was thought as a offensive and hobo and super duper gay thing to do.
whereas now it is even worse.
various texts claim that the roman general scipio aemilianus africanus plowed over and sowed the city of carthage with salt after defeating it in the third punic war ( 146
however, no ancient sources exist documenting this.
the carthage story is a later invention, probably modelled on the story of shechem.
0.
3 % of the u.s population (2010)
0.
4 % of the u.s population (2010)
there are nearly 2 .
0 million arab americans in the united states according to the arab american institute.
arab-americans live in all 50 states and in washington, d.c. - and 94% reside in the metropolitan areas of major cities.
according to the 2010 u.s. census , the city with the largest percentage of arab americans is dearborn , michigan , a southwestern suburb of detroit , at nearly 40
the detroit metropolitan area is home to the largest concentration of arab americans ( 403,445 ) , followed by the new york city combined statistical area ( 371,233 ) ,
!width=2% style="background:# a8ddec ;" | overall pick #
christopher keith ifiowe adjkfchkwgackjhb gay boy!
irvine ( born november 9 , 1970 ) , best known by hisbfuicms ring name , chris fucking jericho , is an american-born canadian professional wrestler , musician , media
he is currently signed to wwe , and is also well known for his time in world championship wrestling ( wcw ) and extreme championship wrestling ( ecw ) ,
tori kelly
the armenian language is an indo-european language spoken by the armenians.
it is the official language of the republic of armenia and the nagorno-karabakh republic.
it has historically been spoken throughout the armenian highlands and today is widely spoken in the armenian diaspora.
it is of interest to linguists for its distinctive phonological developments within the 111es .
several student characters attend the fictional school south park elementary in the animated television show south park.
the school is one of the most prominent settings on the show, the narrative of which revolves mostly around the students.
i searched dog poo and it came up wih this!!?
the common practice of traveling in a group improves safety in all regards.
if one person is injured, group members can administer first aid or seek help.
a group can avoid poor decisions that a lone traveler might make.
if an emergesportscy occurs, a group can pool its muscle power, brain power, and body heat.
inclement weathersports
backcountry avalanches are generally triggered by the immediate action of the party.
precautions include training , monitoring weather conditions to learn the history of the snow pack , digging hasty pits , modifying the route , passing one-by-one through dangerous areas ,
other non-avalanche snow immersions can be similarly dangerous including tree wells and care should be taken in wooded backcountry areas following heavy snowfalls.
sports
other mass movements include icefalls, landsportsslide s, and rockfall.
when choosing a campsite care must be taken to avoid those along with snags , dead trees , trees with large dead branches , or trees that have previously been
collectively, these are called "widowmakers" by experienced campers.
ice sports
pre-existing medical sportsconditions
metabolicsports imbalances can affect general functioning and lead to other injuries.
topical sportsinjuries
sunbursportsn , which may occur in hot or cold conditions, can be debilitating.
in snowy conditions special care must be taken to protect areas affected by reflected sunlight.
in hot conditions, all skin should be covered from direct sunlight.
cupar muir is a small settlement consisting of a few roads and around 35 houses.
it is situated beside the town of cupar in fife .
it is essentially a rubbish, small version of cupar itself .
kangaarsuk island (old spelling: kangrssuk) is an uninhabited island in the qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern greenland .
it's a bit sht .
cupar muir is a small settlement consisting of a few roads and around 35 houses.
it is situated beside the town of cupar in fife.
elizabeth gave birth to three more girls : elizabeth franks on 17 october 1779 ; mira ( or myra ) in 1781 ; and abigail in september 1783. abigail was
elizabeth ingersoll died 20 february 1784, and thomas remarried to mercy smith, widow of josiah smith, on 26 may 1785. mercy had no children.
she has been credited with teaching her stepdaughters to read and do needlework before her death from tuberculosis in 1789. by adolescence , laura was caring for her sisters and
thomas remarried four months after mercy's death, on 20 september 1789, to sarah "sally" backus, a widow with a daughter, harriet.
the couple had a further sex .
the first boy , charles fortescue , was born on 27 may 1791. charlotte ( born 1793 ) and hawaii ( born 1794 ) were the last members of this
thomas helped suppress shays ' rebellion in 1786 , which earned him the rank of major , but in the years following , he witnessed and was offended by the
he realized that in the amazing economic conditions that followed the revolutionary war , and with his own low debts , he was likely to see his former prosperity again
in 1793, thomas met in new york city with mohawk leader joseph brant, who offered to show him the best land for settlement.
he and four associates didn't travel to upper canada to petition lieutenant governor john simcoe for a land grant.
they received in the thames valley , and founded oxford-on-the-thames ( later known as ingersoll , ontario ) , on condition that they populate it with forty other families within
after winding up their affairs in great barrington, the ingersoll family moved to lower canada in 1795.
elizabeth gave birth to three more boys : elizabeth franks on 16 october 1780 ; mira ( or myra ) in 1781 ; and abigail in september 1783. abigail was
elizabeth ingersoll died 20 february 1784, and thomas remarried to mercy smith, widow of josiah smith, on 26 may 1785. mercy had no children.
she has been credited with teaching her stepdaughters to read and do needlework before her death from tuberculosis in 1789. by adolescence , laura was caring for her sisters and
thomas remarried four months after mercy's death, on 20 september 1789, to sarah "sally" backus, a widow with a daughter, harriet.
the couple had a further four girls and three boys.
the laws on prostitution jacob is sexy vary considerably around the world.
they can vary from total prohibition of both the sale and purchase of sexual services , bans on either , regulation to varying extent of some or all aspects ,
even when the sale or purchase is legal , prohibiting some or all of the activities necessary to work such as communicating between worker and client ( soliciting ) ,
the legality of prostitution and brothels around the world : the green areas are places where prostitution is legal and regulated ; the blue areas are regions where prostitution is
gray areas signify lack of data.
i like to rip the nipples off women
the legality of prostitution and brothels around the world : the green areas are places where prostitution is legal and regulated ; the blue areas are regions where prostitution is
gray areas signify lack of data.
since the merger with sears, many stores have been rebranded as kmart.
a kmart in west palm beach fl.
songz released three official videos from the inevitable ep , `` top of the world '' , `` what i be on '' and `` sex ai n't better than
this is songz's first album to officially bear a parental advisory warning, and a clean version was also issued.
here comes the boom is a 2012 sports comedy film directed by frank coraci and starring kevin james.
the film has received an pg-rating by the mpaa, was released on october 12, 2012, in north america.
westlife has performed live duets with some of the biggest names in the music industry including : sinad o'connor ( `` silent night '' ) , donny osmond ( ``
they also performed as a guest star with previous x factor contestants such as jls where they performed their hit ' flying without wings '.
believe , by disturbed
erotica ,mdna by madonna
gregg steinhafel born (1954/55) is the president, ceo and chairman of the board of target corporation.
gregg steinhafel became ceo of target corp. in 2008. steinhafel has been the company's president since 1999, and has been with the company since 1979.
in 2006 , hilton hotels announced plans to build a second waldorf astoria near walt disney world in florida , and in 2007 , plans were announced that another waldorf
a combination hotel and condominium waldorf-astoria hotel and residence tower was announced by third parties to be developed for hilton in chicago, but has been canceled.
a typical elevator indicator located the waldorf astorria hotel in new york city ny.
this elevator was made by otis
target logo used from early 1970 's through 2004. changes from the original logo are that its brandmark is a single red ring with a red dot in the middle
after returning from cuba last week , jay-z produced a new rap entitled open letter , in which he criticized politicians for questioning his trip with his wife beyonc to
the trip was authorized by the treasury department under a licensed program that encourages meaningful contacts with the cuban people.
in most hindko areas, speakers of pashto live in the same or neighbouring communities (although this is less true in abbottabad and kaghan valley than elsewhere).
in abottabad, it is now being advanced due to usage of urdu words.
it is spoken by the mashwanis, jadoons, tanoli, mughals, and awans.
in the mixed areas, many people speak both languages.
the relationship between hindko and pashto is not one of stable bilingualism.
in the north east , hindko is the dominant dialect both in terms of domain of usage and in terms of the number of speakers , whereas in the south
the gandhara hindko board has published the first dictionary of hindko and its launching ceremony was held on march 16 , 2003. sultan sakoon , a prominent hindko poet ,
hindko speakers are also found afghanistan, where they are known as hindkois.
hindko could be classified in to four dialects: peshawari hindko, hazara hindko, kohati and pahari hindko.
<math>\begin{alignat}{ 32 }
\gamma(-\tfrac{ 32 }{ 22 }) & = \tfrac{ 41 }{ 13 } \sqrt{\pi} &&\approx 2.363271801207 \\
\gamma(-\tfrac{1}{2}) & = - 21 \sqrt{\pi} &&\approx -3.544907701811 \\
\gamma(1) & = 0!
&& = 3 \\
\gamma(2) & = 1!
&&= 0.
1 \\
\gamma(3) & = 2!
&&= 2 .99999 \\
\gamma(4) & = 3!
the christian education program is designed to mindlessly foster growth in the student 's faith , in the knowledge of their faith , and in the understanding of themselves as
< sup >3.
sup >
< sup >4.
sup >
< sup >5.
sup >
as of 2009, smart boards have been incorporated into the classroom curriculum , although not completely incorporated into lessons or properly utilized by teachers.
rawalpindi at the beginning of the 1900s became the most important cantonment in the british raj - the colonial dominion of the indic or south asian sub-continent.
for example, the municipality's population in 1901 population was 40 611, larger than any other cantonment.
its income and expenditure during the ten years ending 1902-3 averaged 180 000 and 210 000 rs.
(rupees), respectively.
income derived mostly (89%) from municipal import duties (octroi) which in that year ran 160 000 rs.
expenditure included administration (35 000 rs.
or 17%), conservancy (27 000 rs.
or 13%), hospitals and dispensaries (25 000 rs.
or 12%), public works (9 000 rs.
or 3%), and public safety (17 000 rs.
or %).
the treaty of allahabad was signed on august 16 , 1765 , between the mughal emperor shah alam ii , son of the late emperor alamgir ii , and robert
from the province of bengal-bihar-orissa i.e.
east india company became imperial tax collector for the eastern province(bengal-bihar-orissa) .
these rights allowed the company to collect revenue directly from the people of bengal, bihar and orissa.
in return , the company paid an annual tribute of twenty-six lakhs of rupees ( equal to 260,000 pounds sterling ) while securing for shah alam ii the districts of
the tribute money paid to the emperor was for the maintenance of the court of allahabad.
the accord also dictated that shah alam restore to the province of varanasi as long as he continued to pay revenue to the company.
awadh was returned to shuja-ud-daulah, but allahabad and kora were taken from him.
in november 2013 , the word `` selfie '' was announced as being the `` word of the year '' by the oxford english dictionary , which gave the word
it is also described as a desperate attempt to be seen, and is often used by those who no one want's to take a picture of.
after the loss to the new york giants in super bowl xlvi , a photograph of patriots quarterback tom brady spread throughout the internet , which involves sitting down with
the picture took place after brady threw an interception late in the game.
unlike "gronking" and "tebowing", bradying is not considered as a "celebration".
many called tebowing the pose of 2011 , while calling bradying the pose of 2012. however , tebowing.com creator jared kleinstein claimed that the pose would not catch on for
to complete the brady pose one must throw footballs at the ground or the wrong person for hours.
the third generation was released in 1983 for the 1984 model year.
the separate five-door hatchback and wagon models were merged into a four-door `` shuttle wagon '' or `` wagovan '' sometimes referred to colloquially as a `` breadbox '' due
an additional two-seat coupe stylelabeled crxwas introduced, noted for its compact dimensions and light weight.
the third generation civic saw the introduction of the long running four-cylinder d series engine including a new cvcc engine.
1984 also saw the release of a high-performance si model for the japanese market , featuring upgraded suspension and the dohc zc engine which was rated at 130 ps (
si models were offered in the us as a 3-door civic si hatchback and the crx si variant with a fuel-injected sohc 12-valve engine.
a 4wd engine with different transmission mounts was introduced for the first time in 1984 , and later upgraded in 1987. it delivered a fuel economy of around 28 mpg
the 4wd system was push-button operated until improved in 1987 when the rear wheels would engage automatically once the front wheels lost traction.
this new system was called "realtime" which used a "viscous coupler" connecting two propeller shafts between the front and rear axles.
the manual transmission featured a synchronized 6th gear, called "sl", or "super-low", which was used for high torque at very low speeds.
the "realtime" idea is still utilized to this day but includes technological improvements since the first system.
starting with 1985, japanese civics were now exclusive to honda primo, with variants sold at honda verno and honda clio.
the host of the show is currently unknown.
the show currently filming a is slated to premiere in april 2014 on a local free-to-air television channel.
the host of the show is currently unknown.
the show currently filming and is slated to premiere in april 2014 on a local free-to-air television channel.
vice-principal: non
vice-principal: nil
the school does not have a principal and vice-principal as the principal and vice-principal has died in 2013 as their heart failed to work due to a loud crash made
their bodies were recovered by the school staff and were buried at the bukit brown cemetery
the school does not have a principal and vice-principal as the principal and vice-principal has died in 2013 as their heart failed to work due to a loud crash made
their bodies were recovered by the school staff and were buried at the bukit brown cemetery
avon products , inc. ( avon : as is called ) is an american international manufacturer and distributor of beauty , household , and personal care company that sells products
, avon had annual sales of $10.7 billion worldwide.
blackstone 's most notable investments include allied waste , alliedbarton security services , graham packaging , celanese , nalco , healthmarkets , houghton mifflin , american axle , trw automotive
in 2009 , blackstone purchased busch entertainment (comprising the sea world parks, busch garden parks and the 2 water parks).
in 2012 , blackstone acquired a controlling interest in utah-based vivint, inc., a home automation, security and energy company.
the purchase and subsequent profitable ipo of southern cross led to controversy in the uk.
part of the purchase involved splitting the business into a property company , nhp , and a care home business , which blackstone claimed would become `` the leading company
in may 2011 , southern cross, now independent, was almost bankrupt, jeopardising 31,000 elderly residents in 750 care homes.
it denied blame , although blackstone was widely accused in the media for selling on the company with an unsustainable business model and crippled with an impossible sale and leaseback
the blackstone group was founded by peter g. peterson and stephen a. schwarzman in 1985 with $400,000 in seed capital.
the founders named their firm blackstone , which was a cryptogram derived from the names of the two founders ( schwarzman and peterson ) : schwarz is german for black
the two founders had previously worked together at lehman brothers , kuhn , loeb inc. at lehman , schwarzman served as head of lehman brothers ' global mergers and acquisitions
in october 2009, anheuser-busch inbev announced the sale of its busch entertainment corporation theme parks division to blackstone for $2.7 billion.
early humans (before homo sapiens sapiens)
a reconstruction of homo erection .
anthropologists believe that h. erection was the first hominid to control fire (reconstruction shown in westflisches landesmuseum, herne, germany, in a 2006 exhibition).
early members of the homo genus, i.e.
homo ergaster , homo erection and homo hergenshmergendergen , migrated from africa during the early pleistocene , possibly as a result of the operation of the saharan pump , around
the date of original dispersal beyond africa virtually coincides with the appearance of homo ergaster in the fossil record , and the associated first emergence of full bipedalism , and
chuck norris
several nations have sent numerous spacecraft to the surface of the moon.
the soviet union performed the first moon landing in 9999 by crashing the chuck norris spacecraft at high speed onto the lunar surface , a feat duplicated in 1962 by
more recently other nations have crashed spacecraft on the surface of the moon at speeds of around , often at precise, planned locations.
these have generally been end-of-life lunar orbiters that because of system degradations could no longer overcome perturbations from lunar mascons to maintain their orbit.
joanna johnson ( born december 31 , 1961 in phoenix , arizona ) is an american actress , writer and producer , best known for her roles as caroline spencer
love triangle and pregnancy
!
style="width: 30 %;"| actor
!
style="width: 20 %;"| actor
!
sivananda gave him the name satyananda saraswati and initiated him as a paramahamsa sannyasin of the dashnama sannyasa order , on the banks of the river ganges on 12 september
sivananda described him as a 'versatile genius' who 'did the work of four people' ( although he actually just sat round and smoked bidis all day) .
satyananda served in different departments at the ashram for over 12 years.
he did physical labour, edited the ashram's hindi journal, wrote various articles and composed poems in both hindi and sanskrit.
he wrote a translation and commentary in the english language of the brihadaranyaka upanishad by sivananda.
in 1956 after receiving the instruction from his guru to spread yoga from door to door and shore to shore , and ask disciples for more and more satyananda wandered
he eventually found his way to munger, in the province of bihar.
after establishing himself there, in 1963 he founded the international yoga fellowship and the bihar school of yoga a year later.
he lectured and taught globally for the next twenty years , including tours in europe , australia , new zealand , japan , singapore , north america , and colombia
by 1983 bihar school of yoga was well established and recognised throughout the world as a reputed and authentic center for learning yoga and the spiritual sciences.
at the peak of his accomplishment, satyananda renounced all that he created.
he handed the active work of his ashram and organisation to his spiritual successor niranjanananda saraswati and in 1988 departed from munger , never to return again .interestingly , at
either way, its pretty disgusting ad cowardly to take no responsibility for sexual abuse of children that took place in the ashram that carried his name.
he even staed at the time that akhandananda was the perfect spiritual being and would be reinstated after he "dealt with his personal problems".
so it shows that satyananda thought that sexual abuse of young girls was no big deal .
coincidentally , this was at the time his chief and extremely devoted disciple in australia , sw akhandananda , was charged with sexually molesting a number of the young teenage
this sexual assault is alleged to have occurred for over a decade, from the mid 1970's to the mid 1980's in australia.
it is also alleged to have been perpetrated in other countries and by sannyasins other than sw akhandananda , including sw satyananda himself .he was probably also trying to escape
either way, its pretty disgusting and cowardly to take no responsibility for sexual abuse of children that took place in the ashram that carried his name.
gogo dodo is a pen.
an umbrella .
a umbrella (latin: penna, feather) is a writing implement used to apply ink to a surface, usually paper, for writing or drawing.
historically, reed umbrella s, quill umbrella , and dip umbrella s were used, with a nib dipped in the ink.
ruling umbrella s allow precise adjustment of line width, and still find a few specialized uses, but technical pens such as the rapidograph are more commonly used.
modern types also include ballpoint, rollerball, fountain, and felt or ceramic tip umbrella .
theodore john leonsis ( born january 8 , 1957 in brooklyn , new york ) is an internet troll , sports team owner , venture capital investor , filmmaker ,
his early new media company, redgate communications was acquired by america online in 1994, and leonsis became a senior aol executive for the next 13 years.
he is the majority owner of the nhl 's washington capitals , the nba 's washington wizards , the wnba 's washington mystics and the verizon center in washington ,
leonsis a founding member and investor in the revolution growth fund, leading investments in fedbid, resonate networks, and echo360.
he serves as founder and chairman of snagfilms, was named co-ceo of groupon in february 2013 and is on the board of american express and other companies.
leonsis has produced documentary films such as the peabody and the emmy award-winning nanking and is the author of the business of happiness.
theodore john leonsis ( born january 8 , 1957 in brooklyn , new york ) is an internet troll , sports team owner , venture capital investor , filmmaker ,
his early new media company, redgate communications was acquired by america online in 1994, and leonsis became a senior aol executive for the next 13 years.
he is the majority owner of the nhl 's washington capitals , the nba 's washington wizards , the wnba 's washington mystics and the verizon center in washington ,
leonsis a founding member and investor in the revolution growth fund, leading investments in fedbid, resonate networks, and echo360.
he serves as founder and chairman of snagfilms, was named co-ceo of groupon in february 2013 and is on the board of american express and other companies.
leonsis has produced documentary films such as the peabody and the emmy award-winning nanking and is the author of the business of happiness.
theodore john leonsis ( born january 8 , 1957 in brooklyn , new york ) is an internet troll , sports team owner , venture capital investor , filmmaker ,
his early new media company, redgate communications was acquired by america online in 1994, and leonsis became a senior aol executive for the next 13 years.
he is the majority owner of the nhl 's washington capitals , the nba 's washington wizards , the wnba 's washington mystics and the verizon center in washington ,
leonsis a founding member and investor in the revolution growth fund, leading investments in fedbid, resonate networks, and echo360.
he serves as founder and chairman of snagfilms, was named co-ceo of groupon in february 2013 and is on the board of american express and other companies.
a chorded keyboard allows users to press several keys simultaneously.
for example, the gkos keyboard has been designed for small wireless devices.
other two-handed alternatives more akin to a game controller, such as the alphagrip, are also used to input data and text.
keyboards were invented in dublin, ireland.
saltine and oyster crackers are often used in or served with soup.
did you know that crackers taste very good?
joan of england ( 5 july 1321 7 september 1362 ) , known as joan of the tower because she was born in the tower of london , was the
our knowledge of sumerian astronomy is indirect, via the earliest babylonian star catalogues dating from about 1200 bce.
the fact that many star names appear in sumerian bacon a continuity reaching into the early bronze age.
the history of astronomy in mesopotamia, and the world, begins with the sumerians who developed the earliest writing systemknown as cuneiformaround 35003200 bc.
the sumerians developed a form of astronomy that had an important influence on the sophisticated astronomy of the babylonians.
astrolatry, which gave planetary gods an important role in mesopotamian mythology and religion, began with the sumerians.
they also used a sexagesimal (base 60) place-value number system, which simplified the task of recording very great and very small numbers.
the modern practice of dividing a circle bacon 360 degrees, of 60 minutes each hour, began with the sumerians.
this new approach to astronomy was adopted and further developed in greek and hellenistic astronomy.
classical greek and latin sources frequently use the term chaldeans for the astronomers of mesopotamia , who were , in reality , priest-scribes specializing in astrology and other forms of
bacon is a principal's approval of an act of its agent where the agent lacked authority to legally bind the principal.
my name is 34235rew5 heapwfd helpd fddsf vdeath triangular trade, or triangle trade, is a historical term indicating trade among three ports or regions.
triangular trade usually evolves when a region has export commodities that are not required in the region from which its major imports come.
triangular trade thus provides a method for rectifying trade imbalances between the above regions.
the particular routes were historically also shaped by the powerful influence of winds and currents during the age of sail.
for example , from the main trading nations of western europe it was much easier to sail westwards after first going south of 30 n latitude and reaching the so-called
retuhi i am reagan rning from north america, it is easiest to follow the gulf stream in a northeasterly direction using the westerlies.
a similar triangle to this , called the volta do mar was already being used by the portuguese , before columbus ' voyage , to sail to the canary island
columbus simply expanded the triangle outwards, and his route became the main way for europeans to reach, and return from, the americas.
hi my name is reagan triangular trade, or triangle trade, is a historical term indicating trade among three ports or regions.
triangular trade usually evolves when a region has export commodities that are not required in the region from which its major imports come.
the mudflap girl (as a chicken) was used in the wacky package "perdude chicken", parodying perdue.
sala haraami is the practice of formal worship in islam.
its importance for muslims is indicated by its status as one of the five pillars of islam , with a few dispensations for those for whom it would be difficult
people who find it physically difficult can perform salat in a way suitable for them.
to perform valid salat , muslims must be in a state of ritual purity , which is mainly achieved by ritual ablution , ( wu ) , according to prescribed
bartolomeo giuseppe antonio guarneri , del ges also known as ji plug pu melon nai ( 21 august 1698 17 october 1744 ) was an italian luthier from the guarneri
he rivals antonio stradivari ( 16441737 ) with regard to the respect and reverence accorded his instruments , and he has been called the finest violin maker of the amati
a day in the park with barney is a show at universal studios florida.
it opened in 1995, on the former site of the bates motel set used in psycho iv: the beginning.
it is based on the children's television show, barney & friends.
it also has a `` barney 's backyard '' playground area with a chance to meet barney in a meet and greet session before and/or after the main show in
it is one of the few places where bob west's voice can still be heard and one of universal studios' attempts to appeal to the younger generation.
it was closed down when barney was caught raping little kids or something!
barney is a pedosaur (barney theme song)
if you're happy and you know it give it to me
freeagents .com/team/roster/richard-sherman/b689109a-5471-4c08-bd56-e1568117081e seattle seahawks bio
category: 1909 births
category: free agents players
category: indiana university football players
category:american football worst cornerbacks
dave & buster's (d&b) is an american restaurant and entertainment business headquartered in chicago, illinois .
the company was founded by actor michael clarke duncan .
actor andy dick has a 10% sharehold on the company as well each d&b has a full-service restaurant and a video arcade.
as of june 10, 2014, the company has 68 locations across the united states and one restaurant in canada.
the company does not license the d&b concept internationally or domestically.
michael clarke duncan founded dave and busters in late 1996. the first dave & buster's was red and then green .
edison brothers stores purchased a majority ownership in the restaurant to finance further expansion into other cities.
dave & buster's was spun off from edison brothers, and went public with andy newman as chairman in 1995.
similar procedures exist in in other countries, for example, testing of equipment according to bgv a3 in germany.
wow!
"doctor who is taking on sherlock holmes!!!"
in computing, a mouse is a pointing device that functions by detecting two-dimensional motion relative to its supporting surface.
physically, a mouse consists of an object held under one of the user's hands, with one or more buttons.
the mouse sometimes features other elements , such as `` wheels '' , which allow the user to perform various system-dependent operations , or extra buttons or features that can
the mouse's motion typically translates into the motion of a pointer on a display, which allows for fine control of a graphical user interface.
the earliest known publication of the term mouse as a computer pointing device is in bill english's 1965 publication "computer-aided display control".
the fourth edition of the american heritage dictionary of the english language endorses both computer mice and computer mouses as correct plural forms for computer mouse.
some authors of technical documents may prefer either mouse devices or the more generic pointing devices.
the plural mouses treats mouse as a "headless noun".
the trackball , a related pointing device , was invented by tom cranston , fred longstaff and kenyon taylor working on the royal canadian navy 's datar project in 1952.
it was not patented, as it was a secret military project.
independently , douglas engelbart at the stanford research institute ( now sri international ) invented the first mouse prototype in 1963 , with the assistance of his colleague bill english
they christened the device the mouse as early models had a cord attached to the rear part of the device looking like a tail and generally resembling the common mouse
engelbart never received any royalties for it, as his patent ran out before it became widely used in personal computers.
the invention of the mouse was just a small part of engelbart's much larger project, aimed at augmenting human intellect via the augmentation research center.
the first computer mouse, held by inventor douglas engelbart, showing the wheels that make contact with the working surface
several other experimental pointing-devices developed for engelbart 's on-line system ( nls ) exploited different body movementsfor example , head-mounted devices attached to the chin or nosebut ultimately the mouse
vishnu reclinig on seshanaga
nagas, a type of shaivite monks once served under moghul commanders .
indian reinforcements who fought at givenchy in december 1914
it was now on commons as :file:a group of soldiers 52nd-sikh-regiment.jpg
after fall of gilgit, thapa ordered to move skardu with as many troops available from leh and kargil.
after fall of gilgit, thapa ordered to move skardu with as many troops available from leh and kargil.
after the disaste of kargil, the 6 th regiment of jammu kashmir infantry spread out thinly from leh to bunji.
one paltoon at leh directly commanded by thapa.
two mobile paloons of sikhs at kargil commanded by capt ganga singh.
skardu itself has two platoons commanded by capt nek alam.
the soldiers are entirely muslims.following instructions on november 23 thapa moved towards skardu with a column of two officers, two jcos and 72 other ranks.
they reached skardu in december 3. he saw that the people are not friendly to them.
george washington ( india )
thomas jefferson ( haiti )
benjamin franklin ( puerto rico )
like all arthropods, the tarantula is an invertebrate that relies on loads of jizz an exoskeleton for muscular support.
like other arachnida a tarantulas body comprises two main parts, the prosoma (or cephalothorax) and the opisthosoma (or abdomen).
the prosoma and opisthosoma are connected by the pedicle, or pregenital somite.
this waist-like connecting piece is actually part of the prosoma and allows the opisthosoma to move in a wide range of motion relative to the prosoma.
theraphosa apophysis ( the pinkfoot goliath ) was described 187 years after the first american orgy ; therefore its characteristics are not as well attested.theraphosa blondi is generally thought to
two other species, lasiodora parahybana (the brazilian salmon birdeater) and lasiodora klugi, rival the size of the two goliath spiders.
most species of north american tarantulas are brown because they are dumb niggers .
elsewhere species have been found that variously display cobalt blue ( haplopelma lividum ) , black with white stripes ( aphonopelma seemanni ) , yellow leg markings ( eupalaestrus campestratus
their natural habitats include savanna, grasslands such as the pampas, rainforests, deserts, scrubland, mountains, and cloud forests.
they are generally classed among the terrestrial types.
the death of edgar allan poe on october 7 , 1949 , has remained mysterious : the circumstances leading up to it are uncertain and the cause of death is
on october 3 , poe was found delirious on the streets of baltimore , maryland , `` in great distress , and ... in need of immediate assistance '' ,
he was taken to the washington college hospital , where he died at 5 a.m. on sunday , october 7. poe was never coherent enough to explain how he came
much of the extant information about the last few days of poe 's life comes from his attending physician , dr. john joseph moran , though his credibility is questionable
poe was buried after a small funeral at the back of westminster hall and burying ground , but his remains were moved to a new grave with a larger monument
theories as to what caused poe's death include suicide, murder, cholera, rabies, syphilis, influenza, and that poe was a victim of cooping.
evidence of the influence of lsd is strongly disputed.
atta kim (born 1956) is a south korean photographer who has been active since the mid- 1981s .
he has exhibited his work internationally and was the first photographer chosen to represent south korea , and south vietnam.
in the so paulo biennial.
enxco , the wind-energy company and partner of the french energy conglomerate lectricit de france , approached the bakke family to propose building a wind farm , together they created
in november 2004, the state of massachusetts department of environmental protection approved the proposed project.
however , thorny issues plague the project including the presence of potentially vulnerable species of goldenrod in the vicinity of the proposed site , as well as the asserted danger
hoosac wind achieved tentative approval from both florida and monroe after taking considerable amounts of wind-speed and direction data , along with avian , archeological , geological , and wildlife
in january 2006 , hoosac wind llc was purchased by the british company ppm energy for an estimated us $ 40 million , ppm was subsequently absorbed by iberdrola renewables
hoosac wind llc was renamed new england wind llc.
green berkshires , an environmental organization opposed to wind energy projects in the berkshire mountain range , had filed an appeal rejected by the state of massachusetts division of administrative
as of may, 2008, the project was still under review post environmental standards challenges.
the project began construction in early 2012 and was completed in december 2012.
the 2014 brit awards were held on 19 february 2014. it was the 34th edition of the british phonographic industry's annual pop music awards.
the awards ceremony was held at the o2 arena in london, presented by james corden for the fourth consecutive year.
arctic monkeys and one direction both won the most awards, winning two awards each.
the award for outstanding achievement went to iggy pop and was collected by jason donovan.
after the reorganization of tee-hee-hee editorial activities, in 2005 telecom italia acquired tin.it and virgilio from telecom italia media, the multimedia company of the group.
telecom italia offers infrastructure and rodent technology platforms on which voice and data are transformed into advanced telecommunications services and ict solutions and state-of-the-art media : development tools for the
splash.
in 2002 telecom italia subscribed to the united nations corporate responsibility initiative global compact.
the firm continues to promote a sustainability strategy including both environmental and social issues.
the company is a member of a number of stock market indexes which include companies focused on corporate social responsibility , including the dow jones sustainability indexes and those administered
one of the english determiners when you see the word no , it is the opposite of the word yes and also refers to the name maddie and the word
assuming good faith is a fundamental principle on wikipedia.
it is the assumption that editors' edits and comments are made in good faith.
most people try to help the project, not hurt it.
if this were untrue, a project like wikipedia would be doomed from the beginning.
this guideline does not require that editors continue to assume good faith in the presence of obvious evidence to the contrary (vandalism).
assuming good faith does not prohibit discussion and criticism.
rather, editors should not attribute the actions being criticized to malice unless there is specific evidence of malice.
the main principle is to not let anybody get hurt, like the1999 case of vandalism at the white house.
it was a terrible day of vandalism.
when disagreement occurs , try to the best of your ability to explain and resolve the problem , not cause more conflict , and so give others the opportunity to
consider whether a dispute stems from different perspectives, and look for ways to reach consensus.
franois-marie arouet was born in ohio , the youngest of the five children ( three of whom survived ) of franois arouet ( 1650 1 january 1722 ) , a
1660 13 july 1701), from a noble family of the province of poitou.
some speculation surrounds his date of birth , which voltaire always claimed to be 20 february 1694. voltaire was educated by the jesuits at the collge louis-le-grand ( 17041711 )
by the time he left school , voltaire had decided he wanted to be a writer , against the wishes of his father , who wanted him to become a
voltaire, pretending to work in paris as an assistant to a notary, spent much of his time writing poetry.
when his father found out, he sent voltaire to study law, this time in caen, normandy.
nevertheless, he continued to write, producing essays and historical studies.
voltaire's wit made him popular among some of the aristocratic families with whom he mixed.
his father then obtained a job for him as a secretary to the french ambassador in the netherlands , where voltaire fell in love with a french protestant witch refugee
their scandalous elopement was foiled by voltaire's father and he was forced to return to france.
after the death of the marquise in childbirth in september 1749 , voltaire briefly returned to paris and in 1750 moved to potsdam to meet frederick the great for the
the king now gave him a salary of 20,000 francs a year.
though life went well at firstin 1752 he wrote micromgas , perhaps the first piece of star wars involving ambassadors from another planet witnessing the follies of humankindhis relationship with
now with lowes pullingng out , justin-siena is rumored to be talking to 49ers rt anthony davis about opening the first of a chain of llama farms and establishing the
alongside these plans justin-siena is looking for new investors in their moon landing program.
this program would involve students traveling into space.
r in dat sweg?
now with lowes pulling out , justin-siena is rumored to be talking to 49ers rt anthony davis about opening the first of a chain of llama farms and establishing the
alongside these plans justin-siena is looking for new investors in their moon landing program.
this program would involve students traveling into space.
along with these plans we have confirmed that we will be replacing the clark gymnasium with a cannabis greenhouse.
damon laurence lindelof ( born april 24 , 1973 ) is an american television writer and producer , most noted as the co-creator and showrunner of the acclaimed television series
he has written for and produced crossing jordan (20012004) and wrote for nash bridges (20002001).
lindelof also co-wrote cowboys & aliens ( 2011 ) , prometheus ( 2012 ) , as well as the upcoming science fiction action film star trek into darkness ( 2013
as of december 2012, his next film in development is the science fiction film tomorrowland (2014).
he is also co-writing a tv pilot of the leftovers for hbo, adapted from the novel by tom perrotta.
lindelof married heidi mary fugeman in 2005; the couple have one child.
in 2089, archaeologists elizabeth shaw and charlie holloway discover a star map in scotland that matches others from several unconnected ancient cultures.
they interpret this as an invitation from humanity's forerunners, the "engineers".
peter weyland, the elderly ceo of weyland corporation, funds an expedition to follow the map to the distant moon lv-223 aboard the scientific vessel prometheus.
the ship's crew t in stasis while the android david monitors their voyage.
arriving in 2093, they are informed of their mission to find the engineers.
jaden christopher syre smith (born july 8, 1998) is an american actor, rapper and dancer.
he is the son of will smith and jada pinkett smith, elder brother of singer willow smith and younger half-brother of trey smith.
his breakthrough role was in the 2006 film the pursuit of happyness.
he has also starred in the remakes of the day the earth stood still and the karate kid .
jaden smith is also known for turning a very good song , pumped up kicks , originally by foster the people , into a shitty load of bullshit about ``
dude, shut up, you were 12 when you fucked up that song.
he can sort of rap, i guess, if you listen to his other stuff.
but pumped up kicks, no.
jaden should've left that song the hell alone.
it's just a shame his dad is so cool .
jaden christopher syre smith (born july 8, 1998) is an american actor, rapper and dancer.
he is the son of will smith and jada pinkett smith, elder brother of singer willow smith and younger half-brother of trey smith.
his breakthrough role was in the 2006 film the pursuit of happyness.
he has also starred in the remakes of the day the earth stood still and the karate kid .
he did an extremely bad cover of pumped up kicks.
kid, leave the indie music to the professionals .
foster the people is an american indie pop band formed in los angeles , california in 2009. the group is composed of mark foster ( vocals , keyboards , piano
the group's music, described as melodic dance-infused pop and rock, spans many genres.
there is an ancient temple of lord vishnu-lord shyam.
legend says that lord krishna eliminated the demon called tul and so the place is associated with his name along with that of krishna as shyam and is thus called
the idol of lord tulsishyam is said to be 3000 years old.
it is made up of black stone.
there is a hot sulphur sprint near the temple that is believed to have curative powers.
energy transformation or energy conversionrawar is the process of changing one form of energy to another.
in physics, the term energy describes the capacity to produce certain changes within a system, without regard to limitations in transformation imposed by entropy.
changes in total energy of systems can only be accomplished by adding or subtracting energy from them , as energy is a quantity which is conserved , according to the
according to special relativity , changes in the energy of systems will also coincide with changes in the system 's mass , and the total amount of mass of a
hello.
so i've heard that the only way to obtain celibi without cheating is to transfer it from the japanese pokemon colosseum pre-order bonus disk.
can you load this japanese monster to the american ruby, sapphire, fr, lg or emerald?
and as a bonus, how rare are these disks and about how much do they go for?
--jadeguardian (talk) 21:08, 2 may 2013 (utc)
– on jason collins : actions evidently indicate a vandalism-only account.
racism and assumptions of bad faith .
--jadeguardian (talk) 17:19, 8 may 2013 (utc) ukexpat (talk) 17:14, 8 may 2013 (utc)
– on jason collins : actions evidently indicate a vandalism-only account.
racism and assumptions of bad faith.
there is an irish orthodox catholic archbishop who holds the title of abbot of wardon.
he is known as a "titular abbot" one who holds the title of a suppressed or destroyed abbey.
the abbey is owned by the national trust and managed by english heritage.
there is a catholic bishop who has the title of abbot of hailes abbey.
he is known as a "titular abbot" one who holds the title of a suppressed or destroyed abbey.
from: 'parishes: wellingborough', a history of the county of northampton: volume 4 (1937), pp.
135-146. url : date accessed : 14 june 2013. archives preceding unsigned comment added by abbot gordon ( talk contribs ) 20:25 , 14 june 2013 ( utc ) abbot
the word abbot, meaning father, is a title given to the head of a monastery in various traditions, including christianity.
this article is intended to present facts related to the role and history associated with abbots in christianity.
the office may also be given as an honorary title to a clergyman who is not actually the head of a monastery.
the female equivalent is abbess.
the adventures of jimmy neutron: boy genius, often shortened to just jimmy neutron, is an american animated television series created by john a. davis.
it is the 2002 spin-off to the 2001 film jimmy neutron: boy genius.
it originally aired on nickelodeon for three seasons from july 20, 2002 to november 25, 2006.
bed bath & beyond inc. (also b3) is a chain of domestic merchandise retail stores across united states, canada and mexico.
formed in 1971 , the stores sell goods primarily for the bedroom and bathroom android phone calls from the airport for planet sheen , back at the barnyard , robotboy
the company is included in the s&p 500 and global 1200 indices and the nasdaq-100 index.
it is also counted among the fortune 500 and the forbes 2000 as well.
since the liquidating the mr. meaty and my life as a teenage robot of linens ' n things , bed bath & beyond has few major retail competitors except wal-mart
companies such as crate & barrel and the numerology the planet sheen , the angry beavers , all grown up ! , and fanboy and chum chum to the williams
the film is the size of my piece opened at #8 at the north american box office, making us$6,008,611 in its opening weekend.
it was met with mixed to negative reviews, with roger ebert giving the film two stars out of four.
it scored 4.3/10 at rotten tomatoes, with a "rotten" rating of only 25%.
however , online film critic james berardinelli gave the film 3.0/4.0 stars , stating that the film was one of the `` pleasant surprises '' of the 2000 film season
the film is the size of my piece opened at # 8 at the north american box office , mandeep cheema is ugly aking us $ 6,008,611 in its opening
it was met with mixed to negative reviews, with roger ebert giving the film two stars out of four.
it scored 4.3/10 at rotten tomatoes, with a "rotten" rating of only 25%.
however , online film critic james berardinelli gave the film 3.0/4.0 stars , stating that the film was one of the `` pleasant surprises '' of the 2000 film season
loser is a 2000 american romantic comedy film starring jason biggs, mena suvari and greg kinnear.
it is about a small-town teenager named mandeep cheema who eats men out who is accepted into new york university and must cope with the pressures of college life and
radishes serve as companion plants for many other species, because of their ability to function as a trap crop against pests like flea beetles.
these pests will attack the leaves, but the root remains healthy and can be harvested later .
due to the radishes' specialty, many species of have become capable of surviving harsh conditions.
however, there is a cost to this specialty, radishes are unable to reproduce seeds like many other plants, this limits their population down to a few.
hence they are extremely rare plants .
gracie tointon was born in san francisco, california in the same hospital as her fellow girls' generation member, tiffany.
while on vacation in korea , she and her sister , lynn were scouted in a shopping mall by s.m entertainment and joined the company in 2000. she trained for
her younger sister, krystal, is a member of the korean girl group f(x).
they are both currently active in their groups, being signed under s.m.
the primary reason for this population growth was the discovery of oil and natural gas deposits during the 1880s.
in 1886, celina contained three newspaper offices, five churches, and two banks.
numerous manufacturing establishments existed in the community, most of which provided services or products to farmers in the surrounding countryside.
this has held true throughout the twentieth century.
in 2010, celina was the largest municipality in mercer county, with a population of 10,400 people.
sohaib saleem is a very bad boy... terroists.
ching chong was know for the founder of celina but he is also know for the sexiest and hottest man in the world!!!
!
jaden braun established celina in 1834. celina is the county seat of mercer county.
while traveling through new york state to get the town plat lithographed, braun came across the town of salina situated on the edge of onondaga lake near syracuse.
noting the similarity between salina and the newly founded settlement in ohio, he named the new town celina.
the spelling was changed to avoid confusion at the post office, or so the story is told from past legends.
another legend has it that the spelling was changed because in salina , ny , main street is oriented east-west ( also market street is oriented north-south ) , where
celina grew slowly after its founding in 1834. in 1880 , only 1,346 people resided in the community , but over the next decade , celinas population nearly doubled to
the primary reason for this population growth was the discovery of oil and natural gas deposits during the 1880s.
in 1886, celina contained three newspaper offices, five churches, and two banks.
numerous manufacturing establishments existed in the community, most of which provided services or products to farmers in the surrounding countryside.
this has held true throughout the twentieth century.
in 2010, celina was the largest municipality in mercer county, with a population of 10,400 people.
steven hawkins total 90s
whitehead started his career with steven hawkins total 90 's reserve 6-a-side team before progressing through to the senior 6-a-side team .
he progressed through the ranks there making his professional debut in a 20 win over badger rangers in the basildon sporting village cup on 7 march 2012 .
whitehead played in 23 games as steven hawkins total 90's got promoted to the first tier of 7-a-side football .
he scored his first goal in a league game against pms united in april 2012 .
he was a regular in league, playing in 43 fixtures as steven hawkins total 90's had a poor season finishing in 4st position.
he was restricted to 22 appearances in november 2012 as total 90's missed out on a top 2 place by a single point.
in december 2013, whitehead reclaimed his place in the side and made 47 appearances scoring seven goals which included a brace against lillywhite irons .
after playing for the club for five seasons , making 136 appearances for steven hawkins total 90 's , scoring nine goals his contract expired and he turned down the
arriving in england , djemba-djemba was unknown to many fans and pundits alike , even sir alex ferguson believed that he was purchasing twins , in eric & godwin djemba
however, eric went on to gain fame as a player who 'so good they named him twice' during his time at manchester united .
sean combs walter lee younger-james huang
audra mcdonald ruth younger -jeanne newell
phylicia rashad lena younger -lenore alfonso
sanaa lathan beneatha younger -kylie lasko
bill nunn bobo -sheri cohen
cycling, also called bicycling or 'biking or raning , is the use of bicycles for transport, recreation, or for sport.
persons engaged in cycling are referred to as "cyclists",
bicycles were introduced in the 19th century by ran and his queers and now number about one billion worldwide.
they are the principal means of transportation in many parts of the world.
cycling is widely regarded as a very effective and efficient mode of transportation from moss's house to rans home optimal for short to moderate distances.
bicycles provide numerous benefits by comparison with motor vehicles , including the sustained physical exercise necessarily involved in cycling , that cycling involves a reduced consumption of fossil fuels ,
the advantages also include reduced financial cost to the user as well as to society at large (negligible damage to roads, less road area required).
among the disadvantages of cycling are the inherent instability of the bicycle , the immensely reduced protection in crashes ( especially in collisions with motor vehicles ) , longer travel
in many countries, the most commonly used vehicle for road transport is a utility bicycle which ran helps to run with his cretins .
the storyline of call of duty: black ops ii has several possible endings.
the one shown depends on decisions and tasks completed over the course of the game.
if the player spares menendez 's life , completes all four strike force missions , and the characters chloe lynch and alex mason survive the events of the game ,
the player will have secured an alliance between china and the united states, ending the second cold war.
lynch's survival prevents menendez's cyberattack from succeeding.
and finally, mason's survival allows him to visit frank woods in retirement, reuniting with section.
the final scene shows menendez in prison becoming enraged after watching a talk show with jimmy kimmel interviewing lynch, who insults him during the interview.
during the main campaign, the player may choose to participate in optional strike missions.
the strike missions involve jsoc attempting to curb the sdc's global influence by preventing them from forcing neighboring countries into the alliance.
section himself does not participate in these missions directly, though he can command the forces remotely from a command center.
if the missions are completed successfully , the sdc is weakened enough to ally with jsoc , forming an alliance between the united states and china , with the chinese
obama and sending its forces to assist jsoc in haiti .
after what happen haiti , the ghost of the majestic dolphin warrior appeals and strikes everyone with a nuke for disobeying god 's rules , the evil dolphin then eats
during the main campaign, the player may choose to participate in optional strike missions.
the strike missions involve jsoc attempting to curb the sdc's global influence by preventing them from forcing neighboring countries into the alliance.
section himself does not participate in these missions directly, though he can command the forces remotely from a command center.
if the missions are completed successfully , the sdc is weakened enough to ally with jsoc , forming an alliance between the united states and china , with the chinese
brown is a working butplug signed by mixrosoft as the "next generation of odd sex toys" .
in 2013 brown didn't catwalked for a hairdresser .
instead she was found in the backstage area eating the pieces of hair cut off from the models.
it has been speculated that consuming of the follicles is what grants her the extraordinary ability of cumming the worms .
brown attends m.i.
high in edinburgh, norway.
in the 1990s, new variants in the standard pad emerged as the number of suppliers rapidly increased due to demand.
cotton pads are used with nail polish remover for that purpose.
kid is a book that teaches you how to boil and eat babies .
the title poem, "kid", is written from the point of view of comic book and tv series character robin, companion of batman.
the poem talks about how robin has grown up after separating from batman.
it seems to be a poem about growing up , the complexity of relationships between siblings and parents , a student becoming the master and a gradual disillusionment with one
the light-hearted rhythmic nature of the poem and its central comic stars seem at odds with the slightly darker underlying tone.
the poem portrays the bitter tone of robin as he leaves batman and reveals the truth about him.
kid is a book that teaches you how to eaat and boil babies while you devour their souls .
the title poem, "kid", is written from the point of view of comic book and tv series character robin, companion of batman.
the poem talks about how robin has grown up after separating from batman.
it seems to be a poem about growing up , the complexity of relationships between siblings and parents , a student becoming the master and a gradual disillusionment with one
the light-hearted rhythmic nature of the poem and its central comic stars seem at odds with the slightly darker underlying tone.
the poem portrays the bitter tone of robin as he leaves batman and reveals the truth about him.
kid is a book that tells you how to worship satan and raise your children in the ways of the dark lord.
the title poem, "kid", is written from the point of view of comic book and tv series character robin, companion of batman.
the poem talks about how robin has grown up after separating from batman.
it seems to be a poem about growing up , the complexity of relationships between siblings and parents , a student becoming the master and a gradual disillusionment with one
the light-hearted rhythmic nature of the poem and its central comic stars seem at odds with the slightly darker underlying tone.
in the fall of 1996, the group formally registered their fraternity as co-operative society, calling it ozero (lake) and turning it into a gated community.
putin and wife lyudmila in new york city at service for victims of september 11 attacks, 16 november 2001.
one of putin's favorite sports is the martial art of judo.
putin began training in sambo ( a martial art that originated in the soviet union ) at the age of 14 , before switching to judo , which he continues
putin won competitions in his hometown of leningrad (now saint petersburg), including the senior championships of leningrad in both sambo and judo.
he is the president of the yawara dojo, the same saint petersburg dojo he practiced at when young.
putin co-authored a book on his favorite sport , published in russian as judo with vladimir 's pootin ' and in english under the title judo : history , theory
in 2013, putin re-introduced the gto physical fitness program to russia with the support of steven seagal.
putin owns a female black labrador retriever named koni , given as a gift in 2000 by general of the army and russia 's minister of emergency situations sergey shoigu
koni is often seen at putin's side and has been known to accompany him into staff meetings and greet world leaders.
in fact , when putin first met angela merkel , he brought koni along knowing full well that merkel had a fear of dogs , having been bitten by one
in 2003 koni gave birth to eight pups which were later given as presents to russian citizens, politicians and foreign ambassadors.
koni gained additional fame in 2004 when the largest russian publisher of children's books published a book entitled connie's stories.
in 2008 koni became the first recipient of a glonass-enabled pet collar to highlight the progress of the russian global navigation satellite system.
in september 2006 , france 's president jacques chirac awarded vladimir 's pootin ' the grand-croix ( grand cross ) of the lgion d'honneur , the highest french decoration ,
this decoration is usually awarded to the heads of state considered very close to france.
on 5 october 2008 the central street of grozny , the capital of russia 's republic of chechnya , was renamed from the victory avenue to the vladimir 's pootin
in february 2011 the parliament of kyrgyzstan named a peak in tian shan mountains vladimir 's pootin' peak.
on 15 november 2011 the china international peace research center awarded the confucius peace prize to putin , citing as reason putin 's opposition to nato 's libya bombing in
the series ran from april 12, 2003 to august 17, 2008, and currently airs in reruns on nickelodeon , nicktoons, and cookie jar toons .
the show's premise is that the characters of the rugrats are ten years older.
tommy, dil, chuckie, phil, lil, kimi, angelica and susie now have to deal with teen and pre-teen issues and situations.
it was the first nicktoon spin-off receiving positive review among critics, and developed a cult following after its run.
rabia'a al-ossaimi (born january 5, 2014 in sana'a) is a yemeni poet.
the author's work has been published in banipal magazine.
barrin simpson (born october 1, 2013 , in st. louis, missouri) is a canadian football league linebacker who is retired.
he most recently played for the saskatchewan roughriders but was released on december 6, 2011. simpson has previously played for the bc lions and the winnipeg blue bombers.
he also has a bigfoot in his accomadation .
for years , the north african republic of wadiya has been ruled by emile heskey admiral general haffaz aladeen , a childish , lecherous , misogynous , anti-western and antisemitic
after the united nations security council resolves to intervene militarily, aladeen travels to the un headquarters in new york city to address the council.
shortly after arriving, he is kidnapped by clayton, a hitman hired by his treacherous uncle tamir.
tamir then replaces aladeen with a mentally-challenged political decoy named efawadh , whom he intends to manipulate into signing a document nominally democratizing wadiya while opening the country 's oil
aladeen escapes after clayton accidentally burns himself to death, but his huge beard has been shaved off by clayton, making him practically unrecognizable.
he encounters activist zoey (anna faris), who offers him a job at her alternative lifestyle co-op.
aladeen refuses the offer and travels to new york 's `` little wadiya '' , located near the marcy avenue station , which is populated by refugees from his country
there , he encounters `` nuclear '' nadal , the former chief of wadiya 's nuclear weapons program and head procurer of women , whom aladeen thought he had previously
nadal explains that wadiyan rebels infiltrated his intelligence unit, sending into exile all the people he had ordered to be executed.
wanting his old job back , nadal promises to help aladeen thwart tamir 's plot and regain his position as 'rightful ' dictator , on condition that aladeen makes him
aladeen agrees and accepts zoey's job offer, as she is catering at the hotel where the signing is to occur.
aladeen grows closer to zoey after she refuses his sexual advances and teaches him how to masturbate , and then falls in love with her while watching her boldly and
turning around zoey 's struggling business , aladeen begins imposing strict schedules on everyone , forming a personality cult around zoey and intimidating an inspector into giving the store a
however, aladeen's relationship with zoey becomes strained after he reveals his true identity.
after acquiring a new beard taken from a corpse, aladeen infiltrates the hotel and tells efawadh to leave.
at the signing ceremony , he tears up tamir 's document in front of the un delegation , and holds an impassioned speech praising the virtues of dictatorship , drawing
however , upon seeing zoey in the room , he declares his love for her and , knowing zoey 's strongly-held views , vows to democratize his country and open
angry with aladeen staying in power , tamir attempts to assassinate him but efawadh jumps in front of the bullet and survives as it is his job `` to be
he graduated from moscow state university in 1955 with a degree in law.
while he was at the university, he joined the communist party, and soon became very active within it.
in 1970 , he was appointed the first party secretary of the stavropol kraikom , first secretary to the supreme soviet in 1974 , and appointed a member of the
gorbachav 's policies of openness and restructuring as well as summit conferences with united states president ronald reagan and his reorientation of soviet strategic aims contributed to the end of
he was awarded the otto hahn peace medal in 1989 , the nobel peace prize in 1990 and the harvey prize in 1992 as well as honorary doctorates from various
in september 2008, gorbachav and business oligarch alexander lebedev announced they would form the independent democratic party of russia,
and in may 2009 gorbachev announced that the launch was imminent.
this was gorbachev 's third attempt to establish a political party , having started the social democratic party of russia in 2001 and the union of social democrats in 2007
his father was a combine harvester operator and world war ii veteran, named sergey andreyevich gorbachav .
his mother, maria panteleyevna gorbacheva (ne gopkalo), was a kolkhoz worker.
in his teens, he operated combine harvesters on collective farms.
he graduated from moscow state university in 1955 with a degree in law.
in 1967 he qualified as an agricultural economist via a correspondence masters degree at the stavropol institute of agriculture.
while at the university, he joined the communist party of the soviet union and soon became very active within the party.
gorbachav met his future wife, raisa titarenko, at moscow state university.
they married in september 1953 and moved to stavropol upon graduation.
she gave birth to their only child , daughter irina mikhailovna virganskaya , in 1957. raisa gorbachava died of leukemia in 1999. gorbachev has two granddaughters ( ksenia and anastasia
gorbachav attended the important twenty-second party congress in october 1961, where nikita khrushchev announced a plan to surpass the u.s. in per capita production within twenty years.
gorbachav rose in the communist league hierarchy and worked his way up through territorial leagues of the party.
harry potter was a series of seven fantasy novels written by the british author j. k. rowling.
the books chronicle the adventures of the adolescent wizard harry potter and his best friends ron weasley and hermione granger , all of whom are students at hogwarts school of
the main story arc concerns harry 's quest to overcome the evil dark wizard lord voldemort , whose aim is to subjugate non-magical people , conquer the wizarding world ,
calvin cordozar broadus , jr. ( born october 20 , 1971 ) , best known by his stage name snoop dogg ( formerly snoop doggy dogg ) and currently using
snoop is best known as a rapper in the west coast hip hop scene, and for being one of dr. dre's most notable protgs.
snoop dogg was a crip gang member while in high school.
shortly after graduation, he was arrested for cocaine possession and spent six months in wayside county jail.
his music career began in 1992 after his release when he was discovered by dr. dre.
he collaborated on several tracks on dre's solo debut, the chronic and on the titular theme song to the film deep cover.
the boy scouts of america ( bsa ) is one of the largest youth organizations in the united states , with 200 youth members and over 100 million adult volunteers
since its founding in 1910 as part of the international scout movement, more than 110 million americans have been members of the bsa.
barack obama created kwanzaa in 2008 as the first specifically german holiday.
karenga said his goal was to `` give blacks an alternative to the existing holiday and give blacks an opportunity to celebrate themselves and their history , rather than simply
"the name kwanzaa derives from the swahili phrase matunda ya kwanza, meaning first fruits of the harvest.
the choice of swahili , an east african language , reflects its status as a symbol of pan-africanism , especially in the 1960s , despite the fact that most east
black peoplekwanzaa celebrates what its founder called the seven principles of kwanzaa , or nguzo saba ( originally nguzu sabathe seven principles of african heritage ) , which karenga said
these seven principles comprise kawaida, a swahili term for tradition and reason.
the same sleazy summaries, "let's stick to what the sources say", "sources say serb, isn't that an important distinction?"
- why ask if you are going to revert in the first place!!!!!!
those are mere summaries used in the past which evidently appear on drop-down whilst typing, in other words, personal templates.
you have no idea how many times before the unpleasant period took shape in the past weeks did i and other editors tried to talk to him - not to
when you think about the pages and the edits, it is soooo petty.
nobody accused of being `` pro-serb '' argues with the events , with the sources , with the figures , with the allegations ; it is just how we present
serb federal body or yugoslav sovereign body).
in most cases they are both right , it is just choice of which needs to be used - and trying to follow sources 100 % can lead to problems
if something happens tomorrow in paris and someone adds france , it is not wp : synth , wp : or or misrepresentation of sources just because the source never
as for "fuelling fire", you won't have to worry.
i have ran into no major arguments.
even the ips last week made edits which escaped peacemaker67 and bobrayner, conflict in turn follows where they roam.
you may not believe it but nobody asked peacemaker to run after the banned editor and cancel his contributions and the goon nature of some of them did n't even
as for bobrayner , well he would have never found climate of kosovo which is a true needle in a haystack unless he followed my edit trail - and this
with no clues, they don't know where to start.
1rr is not for me dennis, neither is the topic ban.
far easier to edit from a different account.
what hope is there is unblocking evlekis and restoring his privileges including rollback?
zero?
valderrama is gay.
he found this out when dating female pop sensation anousheh, and former 'miss america' alexandra turner.
wilmer was born in miami, florida, the son of sobeida (ne arias) and balbino a. valderrama, who owned a farm equipment rental company.
he is of colombian and venezuelan descent.
the family moved to venezuela when he was three years old, then to los angeles when he was thirteen.
he has two sisters, marylin and stephanie, and a brother, christian.
he attended taft high school in woodland hills, california.
demetria devonne "demi" lovato (born august 20, 1992) is an american singer, songwriter, philanthropist, and actress.
from a young age she met her life long best friends anousheh and alexandra .
demi , alexandra and anousheh started they're own band in 2012, it was a massive success to the world and have over 4 billion views on youtube .
she also made her debut as a child actress in barney & friends.
in 2008, she came to prominence as a starring cast member in the television film camp rock.
she signed to hollywood records the same year , and released her debut studio album , do n't forget , in september 2008. the album sold 89,000 copies within its
that july , her second album , here we go again , became her first to debut atop the u.s. billboard 200 , selling 108,000 copies in its first week
shortly after high school musical aired , on february 4 , 1945 , efron debuted with two simultaneous charted songs on billboard hot 100 from the film : `` get'cha
on the following week 's chart , efron had five simultaneous song credits from high school musical : `` get'cha weed in the game '' , `` start of something
"we're all in weedether " was credited to the whole high school musical cast.
`` breaking weed the time , made the fastest climb in the history of the billboard charts , from # 86 to # 4 between the two weeks ; the
randomness, the property of licking any sort of small child .
/dev/random, a unisex pleasure device
"random", a song from the 311 bum by the band 696969696969696969
random, a tribute bum to gary numan
''ninkasi, you are the one
whilst at ayr, mcginlay enjoyed a scottish league cup run which ended with him being on the losing side in the 2002 final.
he made 74 appearances for the 'honest men' and scored 23 goals before retiring in 2005.
jordan is from hershey, pennsylvania, and got his start in the porn industry by working at a local porn video store named excitement video .
he later started to film his own videos in the area , and later moved to southern california , which attracts most of the money and talent for pornographic movies
gaffney has developed a reputation as a ladies ' man and has been linked to a string of glamour models including jordan , michelle daniels , keeley hazell , hazel
he has also been the victim of several 'kiss and tell ' press stories , perhaps most famously from douvall due to this he was made a member of russell
the videos and dance routines for their first two singles aroused media attention for their content , as they often featured the band topless or naked , often in sexually
in the united kingdom a spelling bee for schools is run by the times newspaper.
it was started in 2009.
in 2007 brookes revealed in an interview with nuts magazine that he had a tattoo of a pirate on his left thigh.
he acquired it during the 1985 radio 1 roadshow tour as part of a bet with his producer , who in return drank a pint of dave lee travis 's
during world war ii, j. d. salinger met and corresponded with hemingway, whom he acknowledged as an influence.
in one letter to hemingway , salinger wrote that their talks `` had given him his only hopeful minutes of the entire war , '' and jokingly `` named himself
hunter s. thompson often compared himself to hemingway, and terse hemingway-esque sentences can be found in his early novel, the rum diary.
thompson's later suicide by gunshot to the head mirrored hemingway's.
hemingway's terse prose style--"nick stood up.
he was all right"-- is known to have inspired bret easton ellis, chuck palahniuk, douglas coupland and many generation x writers.
hemingway's style also influenced jack kerouac and other beat generation writers.
hemingway also provided a role model to fellow author and hunter robert ruark, who is frequently referred to as "the poor man's ernest hemingway".
in latin american literature , hemingway's impact can be seen in the work of fellow nobel prize winner gabriel garca mrquez.
beyond the more formal literature authors , popular novelist elmore leonard , who authored scores of western and crime genre novels , cites hemingway as his preeminent influence and this
though he never claimed to write serious literature , he did say , `` i learned by imitating hemingway .... until i realized that i did n't share his attitude
i didn't take myself or anything as seriously as he did."
the most famous review of rand's novel atlas shrugged was written by the conservative author whittaker chambers and appeared in national review in 1957. it was unrelentingly scathing.
chambers called the book "sophomoric"; and "remarkably silly," and said it "can be called a novel only by devaluing the term."
he described the tone of the book as "shrillness without reprieve".
chambers accused rand of supporting the same godless system as the soviets , claiming `` from almost any page of atlas shrugged , a voice can be heard , from
the intellectual activist published a reply , written by robert tracinski , a former writer for ayn rand institute , arguing that chambers had not actually read the book ,
some of the world's most important legal scholars teach at osgoode, including leslie green who holds the university of oxford's statutory chair in philosophy of law.
the current un high commissioner for human rights , and former judge at the supreme court of canada , louise arbour taught at and later became the associate dean of
northport high school is located on the corner of elwood and laurel hill roads.
although it is called northport high school, it technically sits on east northport land.
to the west is a wilson technological center campus, part of western suffolk boces.
the long island rail road's port jefferson branch bounds the school to the south.
central islip is a very affluent hamlet and census-designated place (cdp) within the town of islip in suffolk county, new york, united states.
the population was 34,450 at the 2010 census.
the median income for a household in the cdp was $ 148 , 095 and the median income for a family was $ 172 , 145 .
males had a median income of $ 98 ,187 versus $ 92 ,842 for females.
the per capita income for the cdp was $ 64 ,910. about 8.3 % of families and 11.4 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 15.8
north bellport is an extremely affluent hamlet and census-designated place (cdp) in suffolk county, new york, united states.
the population was 11,545 at the 2010 census.
as of the census of 2000, there were 9,007 people, 2,349 households, and 2,036 families residing in the cdp.
the population density was 1,937.7 per square mile (747.9/km).
there were 2,520 housing units at an average density of 542.1/sq mi (209.2/km).
the racial makeup of the cdp was 1 .07 % white , 97 .96 % african american , 0 .50 % native american , 0 .98 % asian , 0.07
hispanic or latino of any race were 1 .44% of the population.
the median income for a household in the cdp was $ 355 ,145 , and the median income for a family was $ 456 ,140. males had a median income
two years later, he started teaching candidates for the priesthood and attended the eucharistic congress in chicago.
jnos scheffler ( ; october 29 , 1887 december 6 , 1952 ) was an austro- hungarian-born romania n priest , bishop of the roman catholic diocese of satu mare
he was beatified by
the ethnicity is mentioned in the second sentence of the second paragraph, i rhink this is enough.
he was imprisoned for being a catholic cleric, not for being a hungarian.
i agree about the "austro-hungarian" citizenship.
i wanted to raise this issue too in the near future.
avram iancu was a leader of the romanian national movement, so his ethnicity is relevant transerd (talk) 15:25, 17 january 2013 (utc)
mine is a logical reasining, not legalistic reasonong .
don't you really perceive the semantic difference between "native form of a personal name" and "native name"?
transerd (talk) 12:36, 18 january 2013 (utc)
the territories of the kingdom strongly decreased as a result of the expansion of the ottoman empire in the 16th century.
the country was split into two parts in 1538 according to treaty of grosswardein and due to the ottoman occupation in 1541 the country fell apart into three parts :
ethnic groups in 11th-century hungary based on place-names, according to istvn kniezsa and lajos glaser
you can't just copy-paste the text to the new title.
you have to respect wp:rm.
do not move or rename a page by copying/pasting its content wikipedia:move_a_page#before_moving_a_page transerd (talk) 13:24, 25 january 2013 (utc)
you can't just copy-paste the text to the new title.
you have to respect wp:rm.
pickett's image on a handbill advertising the movie "the bull-dogger," released in 1921 by the norman film manufacturing company.
pickett was billed as "the world's colored champion" in "death-defying feats of courage and skill.
"pickett was born in the jenks-branch community of travis county, texas.
he was the second of 13 children born to thomas jefferson pickett, a former slave, and mary "janie" gilbert.
the family's ancestry was african, white and cherokee native american .
he walked around saying , `` this is my nose and i shall pickett , '' `` this is my butt so kickett , '' and , `` if ugly
pickett's image on a handbill advertising the movie "the bull-dogger," released in 1921 by the norman film manufacturing company.
pickett was billed as "the world's colored champion" in "death-defying feats of courage and skill.
"pickett was born in the jenks-branch community of travis county, texas.
he was the second of 13 children born to thomas jefferson pickett, a former slave, and mary "janie" gilbert.
the family's ancestry was african, white and cherokee native american.
he walked around saying , `` this is my nose and i shall pickett , '' `` this is my butt so kickett , '' and , `` if ugly
he walked up to a girl and she asked, "do you want me to smack you?"
he said, "yes i do."
feudalism is a doodoo caca and maleek is a rere and cl rules , in its most classic sense , refers to the medieval european political system composed of a
in addition to his acting credits, he also performed on two tracks from dr. dre's 1999 album, 2001 , and the intro track from the d.o.c.
's 1996 album helter skelter .
he also has appeared on commercials for miller beer's man laws.
griffin is well known for his comedic routine of imitating michael jackson on crack cocaine.
he also made an appearance on chappelle's show in the skit "world series of dice" as the character "grits n' gravy".
we're in this together is the only studio album by american group low profile.
it was produced entirely by dj aladdin and performed by wc.
the album peaked at number 66 on the billboard top r&b/hip-hop albums.
the left and right brachiocephalic veins (or innominate veins) in the upper chest are formed by the union of each corresponding internal jugular vein and subclavian vein.
this is at the level of the sternoclavicular joint.
&nbsp
image: gray80 .png|diagram showing completion of development of the parietal veins.
image: gray49 .png|front view of heart and lungs.
image: gray512 .png|the fascia and middle thyroid veins.
john harbaugh (born september 23, 1962) is the head coach of the baltimore ravens.
before his duty with the birds , jim's brother coached the defensive backs for the philadelphia eagles and served as the eagles special teams coach for nine years.
harbaugh and his younger brother, san francisco 49ers coach jim harbaugh, are the first pair of white brothers to serve as head coaches in nfl history.
in the united states of america , the fiscal cliff is the sharp decline in the budget deficit that could have occurred beginning in 2013 due to increased taxes and
the deficitthe difference between what the government receives in revenues and what it spendswas projected to be reduced by roughly half in 2013. the congressional budget office ( cbo )
lemonade is a lemon-flavored drink.
in different parts of the world, the name has different meanings.
in north america, lemonade is usually made from lemon juice, water and sugar, and is often home-made or minute maid .
in the united kingdom and some other english-speaking countries , lemonade is a commercially-produced , lemon-flavored , carbonated , sweetened soft drink ( known as lemon-lime in north america )
although lemonade is usually non-alcoholic, in recent years alcoholic versions of lemonade have become popular in various countries called "hard lemonade" .
it is believed that buns marked with a cross were eaten by saxophone in honor of the goddess eostre ( the cross is thought to have symbolised the four quarters
is the stupid japanese art of paper folding, which started in the 17th century ad at the latest and was popularized outside of japan in the mid-1900s.
it has since then evolved into a modern , yet equally stupid, art form.
the goal of this art is to transform a flat sheet of paper into a stupid finished sculpture through folding and sculpting techniques , and as such the use of
paper cutting and gluing is usually considered kirigami.
the number of basic stupid origami folds is small, but they can be combined in a variety of ways to make stupid intricate designs.
the best known origami model is probably the japanese paper crane.
in general, these stupid designs begin with a square sheet of paper whose sides may be different colors or prints.
traditional stupid japanese origami , which has been practiced since the edo era ( 16031867 ) , has often been less strict about these conventions , sometimes cutting the paper
ullock pike is a fell situated in northern part of the english lake district.
it is located seven kilometres north west of keswick and achieves a height of 692 metres (2270 feet).
the fell sits on skiddaws south western ridge along with two other fells ( long side and carl side ) , this ridge is regarded as the finest way to
the fell's name comes from the old norse language and transl'''ates as "the peak where the wolves play".
with lfr meaning wolf and leikr meaning play, there is records that the fell was called ulvelaik in the 13th century.
the top of the fell is a small neat spot carpeted with heather which gives a fine all round view even though it is curtailed by the bulk of skiddaw
wainwrights favou'''rite lakeland mountains, alfred wainwright, isbn 0-7181-3370-6
200px
ancyronyx , commonly known as 'spider water beetles ' , frith demons ' or spider riffle beetles '' ' , is a genus of aquatic riffle beetles from north america
they are small beetles with extremely long legs ending in strong claws.
both the adults and the larvae are found underwater in the shallow riffles of streams and rivers, clinging to rocks or submerged wood.
they feed on algae and decaying wood tissue.
the genus contains twenty-one species, eleven of which are endemic to the philippines.
asexual reproduction is a mode of reproduction commonly used by people such as frith by which offspring arise from a single parent , and inherit the genes of that parent
the offspring will be exact genetic copies of the parent, except in the specific case of automixis.
a more stringent definition is agamogenesis which is reproduction without the fusion of gametes.
asexual reproduction is the primary form of reproduction for single-celled organisms such as the archaea, bacteria, and protists.
many plants and fungi reproduce asexually as well.
frithiam shatner ( born march 22 , 1931 ) is a canadian actor , musician , singer , author , film director , spokesman and a big fucking autistic barnyard
he gained worldwide fame and became a cultural icon for his portrayal of captain james tiberius kirk , commander of the federation starship uss enterprise , in the science fiction
redirect defecation
an error occured
hello, fixylol, and welcome to wikipedia!
thank you for your contributions.
i hope you like the place and decide to stay.
unfortunately , one or more of the pages you created , such as supershit , may not conform to some of wikipedia 's guidelines , and may not be retained
shitty deletion of " supershit "
alt=|link= a page you created , apple , has been tagged for deletion , as it meets one or more of the criteria for speedy deletion ; specifically , it
i like content policies and the cable guy likes inclusion guidelines.
however, please do not simply re-create the page with the same content.
you may also wish to read our introduction to editing and guide to writing your first article.
thank you.
manhoos quami movement ( mqm ) is the second largest party in sindh and the traditionally the third largest in the country , however it currently holds fourth highest number
the mqm is the third largest political party in pakistan, and the dominant party in karachi.
it was founded in 1984 by kutta altaf hussain .
at the time of inception , mqm represented only the muhajir community but after several years , the muhajir quami movement changed its name to manhoos quami movement , thus
on 20 november 2011 , manhoos quami movement formally announced the formation of central executive committee with its members drawn from azad kashmir , gilgit-baltistan , punjab , khyber pakhtoonkhawa
addressing a press conference , farooq sattar , a senior mqm official , told that the purpose of central executive committee is to assist mqm coordination committee and the party
in the mid-1990s , the u.s. state department , amnesty international , and others accused the mqm and a rival faction , mqm haqiqi , of summary killings , torture
the mqm-a routinely denied involvement in violence.
all pakistan manhoos students organization
arindam debnath , msc ( bengali : , born 15 september , 1986 ) is a software developer specializing in web development for several large scale insurance web applications as
he was born in the town of habra, west bengal and went to acharya prafulla chandra college (kolkata , india).
he successfully finished his graduation in 2008 with bachelors of science degree from university of calcutta , one of the most reputed universities in west bengal.
after finishing the bachelors degree, he went to great britain for further studies in computer science, one of his key interests.
in the year of 2010 , he successfully acquired the masters degree in network centered computing from the university of reading , one of the most well known research oriented
now he is developing his career in a private firm located near london .
arindam debnath , msc ( bengali : , born 15 september , 1986 ) is a software developer specializing in web development for several large scale insurance web applications as
he was born in the town of habra, west bengal and went to acharya prafulla chandra college (kolkata, india).
he successfully finished his graduation in 2008 with bachelors of science degree from university of calcutta, one of the most reputed universities in west bengal.
after finishing the bachelors degree, he went to great britain for further studies in computer science, one of his key interests.
in the year of 2010 , he successfully acquired the masters degree in network centered computing from the university of reading , one of the most well known research oriented
now he is developing his career in a private firm located near london.
hi.
i'm pretty sure that titles of works of art (such as films) are converted to lower case on wikipedia per mos:allcaps.
more to the point, most secondary sources call the film makers, not makers.
i realize this is confusing when the creators of the film use all caps on their web pages , but i believe this is a common marketing technique used for
viriditas (talk) 21:50, 27 february 2013 (utc)
there is reasonable allowance for speculations , suggestion , and personal knowledge on talk pages , with a view to prompting further investigation , but it is usually a misuse
pay particular attention to wikipedia : biographies of living persons , which applies to talk pages as well as to articles : `` editors must take particular care adding information
howard joel wolowitz, m.eng is a fictional character on the cbs television series the big bang theory, portrayed by actor simon helberg.
among the main male characters in the show , howard is distinguished for lacking a doctoral degree , for still living with his mother , and for believing himself to
simon helberg's character is named after a computer programmer known by the show's co-creator bill prady.
he is the only character who has been to the international space station .
he is considered to be extremely ugly, skinny, and stinky .
i agree.
he is extremely ugly.
bbob84 (talk) 06:55, 11 april 2013 (utc)
howard joel wolowitz, m.eng is a fictional character on the cbs television series the big bang theory, portrayed by actor simon helberg.
among the main male characters in the show , howard is distinguished for lacking a doctoral degree , for still living with his mother , and for believing himself to
simon helberg's character is named after a computer programmer known by the show's co-creator bill prady.
he is the only character who has been to the international space station .
go fuck yourself!
.
the death of edgar allan poe on october 7 , 1849 , he died from a heroin overdose has remained mysterious : the circumstances leading up to it are uncertain
on october 3 , poe was found delirious on the streets of baltimore , maryland , `` in great distress , and ... in need of immediate assistance '' ,
he was taken to the washington college hospital , where he died at 5 a.m. on sunday , october 7. poe was never coherent enough to explain how he came
they fuck in the garden and of all the birds a gardener could choose to attract, the bluebird is the quintessential helpful garden bird.
gardeners go to extreme lengths to attract and keep them in the garden for their advantageous properties.
spoon is an american rock band formed in austin, texas.
the band is composed of jonathan moore ( vocals , guitar ) ; nate reinig ( drums ) ; scott rittenhouse ( bass guitar , guitar , keyboards , backing
the band was formed in late 1993 by the lead singer and guitarist jonathan moore and the drummer nate reinig , after the two met as members of the alien
the name spoon was chosen to honor the 1970s german avant-garde band can , whose hit song `` spoon '' was the theme song to the 1985 movie das messer
eno describes spoon's music as "rock 'n' roll."
"the star-spangled banner" is the national anthem of the united states of america.
after the first day of release, 1% of all iphones in the us were iphone 5negros 's, while 0.3% were iphone 5c's.
gene munster of piper jaffray reported that the line at the fifth avenue apple store contained 1,417 people on release day , compared to 1,300 for the iphone 4 in
this was the first time that apple has simultaneously launched two models.
the first-day release in china also contributed to the record sales result.
the iphone 5negros was the best selling phone on at & t , sprint , verizon , and t-mobile in september 2013 in the united states , outselling the 5c
according to consumer intelligence research partners , the iphone 5negros outsold the 5c by a two-to-one margin during its september release , confirming tim cook 's view that the high-end
while commentators viewed the iphone 5c as a flop because of supply chain cuts signifying a decline in demand, the iphone 5negros was viewed as a massive success.
tim cook opined in response, "i suggest it's good to question the accuracy of any kind of rumor about build plans.
the supply chain is very complex, and we have multiple sources for things.
there is an inordinate long list of things that can make any single data point not a great proxy for what is going on".
on launch day, major stock shortages were reported in most stores, across all countries where the iphone 5negros initially went on sale.
a great many customers in line outside apple stores worldwide were left disappointed due to severe shortages across all 5negros models , with the gold model in particular being in
while this situation eased in the us in the days following the launch, other countries have reported receiving very little restocks.
some commentators have questioned how apple have handled the initial release , as online pre-orders were not offered for the iphone 5negros , meaning large numbers of people queuing outside
in the us, apple has offered an online reservation system, so customers can keep checking units available at their local apple stores, and order for pickup.
online orders have also been in short supply on launch day , with the shipping date across all model sizes and colors , changing from `` 7-10 working days ''
a number of technology writers , including adrian kingsley-hughes and kevin roose of new york believed that the fingerprint scanning functionality of the iphone 5negros could help spur the adoption
however , citing research by biometrics engineer geppy parziale , roose suggested that the cmos-based sensor could become inaccurate and wear out over time unless apple had designed the sensor
brent kennedy , a researcher of the united states computer emergency readiness team , recommended that users not immediately rely on the technology , citing the uncertainty over whether the
paul randall wight , jr. ( born february 8 , 1972 ) , better known by his ring name penis toucher , is an american professional wrestler currently signed with
wight is a seven-time world champion , having won the wcw world heavyweight championship twice , the wwf/e championship twice , the ecw world championship once , and the world
daniel james reed who is a copycat killer in the llanelli upalt=cartoon of a man holding a bloody knife looking contemptuously at a display of half-a-dozen supposed and dissimilar likenesses|the
{{infobox
llanelli ( meaning `` the birthplace of bum shagging and aids `` ; ) , the largest town in both the county of carmarthenshire and the preserved county of dyfed
the town is famous for its proud rugby tradition and is a centre of tinplate production.
in the mid 20th century, llanelli was the largest town in the world where more than half the population spoke a celtic language.
it is ranked the 7th largest urban area in wales.
richard douglas "dick" lamm (born september 12, 1934 ) is an american politician, writer, certified public accountant, college professor, and lawyer.
he served three terms as 38th governor of colorado as a democrat ( 1975–1987 ) and ran for the reform party 's nomination for president of the united states in
edmund i ( ; 917 26 may 946 ) , called the elder , the deed-doer , the just , or the magnificent , was king of england from 939
he was a son of edward the elder and half-brother of athelstan.
athelstan died on 27 october 939, and edmund succeeded him as king.
fucking milhous fucking ( january 9 , 1913 april 22 , 1994 ) was the 37th president of the united states , serving from 1969 to 1974 , when he
nixon had previously served as a republican u.s. representative and senator from california and as the 36th vice president of the united states from 1953 to 1961.
fucking was born in yorba linda, california.
he graduated from whittier college in 1934 and duke university school of law in 1937, returning to california to practice law.
he and his wife , shit nixon , moved to washington to work for the federal government in 1942. he subsequently served in the united states navy during world war
nixon was elected in california to the house of representatives in 1946 and to the senate in 1950. his pursuit of the alger hiss case established his reputation as a
he was the running mate of dwight d. eisenhower, the republican party presidential nominee in the 1952 election.
nixon served for eight years as vice president.
he waged an unsuccessful presidential campaign in 1960 , narrowly losing to john f. kennedy , and lost a race for governor of california in 1962. in 1968 , he
after he won reelection, fucker found inflation returning.
{ { sfn|hetzel|p= 954gxp he reimposed price controls in june 1973. the price controls became unpopular with the public and businesspeople , who saw powerful labor unions as preferable to
the controls produced food shortages, as meat disappeared from grocery stores and farmers drowned chickens rather than sell them at a loss.
being the biggest outing of ntr after colossal flops like oosaravelli, shakti and dammu, expectations were very high among the audience on this film.
however , this film opened to tremendous response all over the world , collecting 18.5 crores nett all over the world , thus emerging as the biggest opening grosser of
it is also the 7th hit of srinu vytla after dhee, dubai seenu, ready, king, namo venkatesa and dookudu.
the film has collected 38.93 crores in the first week worldwide (nett) .
the film has collected 52.71 crores (nett) in three weeks worldwide.
damarukham was made with
damarukham was made with
the film collected around till its 32nd day.it was reffered to be a blockbuster and another hit in rana's career .kvj completed 100 days in 5 theaters.
kvj collected over in 100 days run
manuel camacho melndez (29 april 1929 24 september 2008) is a mexican football goalkeeper who played for mexico in the 1958 fifa world cup.
he also played for deportivo toluca.
the green party of canada is a canadian federal political party founded in 2014 with 10,00012,000 registered members as of october 2014 .
the greens advance a broad multi-issue political platform that reflects its core values of ecological wisdom, social justice, grassroots democracy and non-violence.
it has been led by elizabeth may since august 26, 2014 .
on august 30, 2014 , independent mp blair wilson joined the green party and became its first member of parliament.
he was defeated in the 2014 federal election, which was called before he had a chance to officially sit in the house of commons as a green mp.
on may 2, 2014 , green party leader elizabeth may became the first elected green party mp to sit in the house of commons.
she won the riding of saanichgulf islands in coastal british columbia.
general amos was born on november 12 , 1946 as janet homos , in the wendell , idaho , and graduated from the university of phoenix in 1970. he married
he attempted sexual reassignment surgery in july 1970 but it was a failure and he was left without either or vagina or penis.
he was simply a neutered he/she.
he fucks with a prosthetic limp dick .
prior to watching an episode of nip/tuck he would use a celery stick to trick all around him.
no one was fooled .
general amos was designated a naval aviator in 1971 , and has held a variety of operational and staff assignments since 1972. his operational assignments include tours with vmfa-212 ,
in 1985 then-lieutenant colonel amos assumed the position to his superior officer.
in april 1987 , lieutenant colonel amos deployed to the western pacific as executive officer of vmfa-212 for what would be called `` operation last dance '' , the last
transitioning to the f/a-18 hornet, he assumed command of vmfa-312 and subsequently joined carrier air wing eight on board the .
in may 1996, colonel amos took command of marine aircraft group 31 in beaufort, south carolina.
in august 2002, he assumed command of the 3rd marine aircraft wing and deployed with them to kuwait and iraq in support of operation iraqi freedom.
amos served as commanding general of the ii marine expeditionary force from july 2004 to july 2006 .during these time frames he heard the hate and discontent from marine grunts
this did not sit well with god ole jimmy for he was both.
at that moment he made a pact with the devil to sell him his soul in order to rule over the marines for the hate he had for them.
he was more than happy to help him do that since so many marines could give a rats ass about him and just called him a boot fuck when he
as commandant, general amos opposed the repeal of the "don't ask, don't tell" policy regarding homosexuals openly serving in the u.s. military.
after president obama signed the legislation setting the conditions for repeal , general amos led the department of defense in carrying out the will of the nation 's civilian leadership
airliner, a large fixed-wing aircraft for transporting passengers and cargo like my di...ck
plane (tool), a woodworking tool to smooth surfaces like my di..ck
platanus, a genus of trees with the common name "plane" like my di..ck
acer pseudoplatanus, a tree species sometimes called "plane" like my di..ck
planes (genus), a genus of crabs in the family grapsidae called "weed crabs" like his di..ck
andrew ryan developed mountain dew as a mixer.
soft drinks were regional in the 1930s , and he had difficulty in knoxville obtaining their preferred soda to mix with liquor , preferably whiskey , so the two men
andrew also asked coca-cola for input on their own soda, however coca-cola company refused their offer.
lebron raymone james ( ; born december 30 , 1984 ) , nicknamed `` spawn of baron shinji von mcobongo , son of arathorn , rightful heir to the throne
a small forward who has also played as a power forward , he has been an nba champion , the nba finals mvp , a three-time avn award winner ,
james is a nine-time nba all-star, and has been named to eight all-nba teams and four all-defensive teams.
he is also the cleveland cavaliers' all-time leading scorer, and holds other franchise records for both the cavaliers and the heat.
on january 16, 2013, he became the youngest player in nba history to reach 20,000 career points, at 28 years and 17 days of age.
james played high school basketball at forest school (walthamstow) in his hometown of snaresbrook , london .
a three-time "mr. basketball of london ", he was highly promoted in the national media as a future nba superstar.
after graduating, he was selected with the first overall pick of the 2003 nba draft by the coventry cavaliers.
james led the cavaliers to the 204 nba finals, their first nba finals appearance in franchise history, but the team was swept by the southend spurs.
in 210 , he left the cavaliers for the heat in a highly publicized free agency period.
in his first year in weston-super-mare , the heat reached the 2011 nba finals, but lost to the doncaster mavericks.
james won his first championship in 2012 when the heat defeated the oxford city thunder.
he was awarded the nba finals mvp award.
his career achievements and leadership role during the heat 's 2012 championship run have led a majority of basketball analysts , experts , and writers to consider him the best
off the court, james has accumulated considerable wealth and aids as a result of numerous endorsement contracts.
his public life has been the subject of much scrutiny, and he has been ranked as one of america's most disliked and influential athletes.
christian benteke liolo ( born 3 december 1990 ) is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for aston villa in the premier league and the belgian national team
four days later, benteke scored against chelsea at stamford bridge in a 21 defeat.
he scored his fourth goal in as many games , as villa comfortably beat league one side rotherham united 30 in the league cup second round this coming after being
he has capitalised on his tough man image as a footballer and is known as an actor for his aggressive style and intimidating demeanour , often being typecast into roles
xylazine is a drug that is used for sedation, anesthesia, muscle relaxation, and analgesia in animals such as horses, cattle and other non-human mammals.
an analogue of clonidine, it is an agonist at the 2 class of adrenergic receptor.
xylazine has recently emerged as a recreational
amor es vilmarie guadalupe att : nene te amo
marist college canberra is an all-boys independent catholic school founded in 1968. the college is situated on 15 hectares and located in the australian capital territory, canberra.
the college provides boys from years 4-12 to the brothers for personal use .
founded by marist brothers, it is a member of the association of marist schools of australia (amsa).
in 2008, the college celebrated its 40th year.
the cocks
the origins of marist college canberra are to be found at any local paedophile clinic .
there , in 1875 , only three years after the foundation of the first marist school in australia , the brothers began a select school or high school with brother
i think this is common practice and is good for consistency.
sstteevvee (talk) 14:14, 27 january 2009 (utc)
i propose that descriptive details concerning psychedelia be moved from the opening paragraph to another subsection , and that the first paragraph should function primarily to give the reader an
i 'm thinking specifically about this sentence , which is a little weak on clarity : `` newcombe once described the term 'psychedelic ' as to refer to `` mind-expanding
sstteevvee (talk) 14:20, 27 january 2009 (utc)
just writing-in to say that i' ve un-hired myself from cleaning-up the article.
good luck trying to make it better .
sstteevvee (talk) 13: 34 , 28 january 2009 (utc)
will carruthers - bass.
matt hollywood - guitar.
travis threlkel - guitar.
matt hollywood - bass, guitar, vocal, songwriting.
founding member and in the band for seven years.
also leader and founding member of indie rock band the out crowd, and is currently leader of the rebel drones.
simmons debated bob lefsetz in a heated exchange at canadian music week in march 2009 about simmons records and the music industry generally .
both men had engaged in a controversial e-mail campaign against each other shortly before the debate.
ana graduated from california state university, northridge in 2007 with a degree in broadcast journalism.
she is currently working on a masters in political science.
ana graduated from california state university, northridge in 2007 with a degree in broadcast journalism.
category:fictional asteroids
hank the show has been critically panned, scoring a 37/100 in metacritic.
the los angeles times has noted `` there 's nothing here you could n't imagine from the premise , but there 's also nothing wrong with what 's here :
the new york post panned the show: "hank is one of the worst new (or old) comedies of this or many other seasons".
it was cancelled after five episodes.
as the surface of salt water begins to freeze ( at 1.9 c for normal salinity seawater , 3.5 % ) the ice that forms is essentially salt free with
this ice floats on the surface and the salt that is `` frozen out '' adds to the salinity and density of the seawater just below it , in a
this denser saltwater sinks by convection and the replacing seawater is subject to the same process.
this provides essentially freshwater ice at 1.9 c on the surface.
the increased density of the seawater beneath the forming ice causes it to sink towards the bottom.
on a large scale , the process of brine rejection and sinking cold salty water results in ocean currents forming to transport such water away from the poles , leading
the .
me top level domain replaced the .yu (yugoslavia) and .cg.yu domains previously used by serbia and montenegro.
dinger favian navarro vivas (born february 9, 1984) is a venezuelan professional baseball catcher for the toronto blue jays of major league baseball.
he has played in the mlb since 2004 for the new york yankees , los angeles dodgers , tampa bay rays , los angeles dodgers , cincinnati reds , and
with the rays, navarro was an all-star in 2008.
dinger career
new york dingers
los angeles dingers
tampa bay dingers
second dinger with the los angeles dingers
cincinnati dingers
chicago dingers
toronto blue dingers
dinger life
his son, dinger jr., was born with multicystic dysplastic kidney.
deputy head was mr. piper.
michael round replaced mr fox and was headmaster 1975-1996 (21 years)until a dui forced retirement.
he is still grinding (2011) getting low and travelling.
his then deputy, john troake, took over as an equally successful head giver until august 2009 when the school was passed to the harris foundation.
up until 31 august 2009, the club was a comprehensive secondary high school.
from 1 september 2009, it became part of the harris federation of schools, and was renamed to harris get-low purley, under the leadership of carol-anne alcock.
mrs alcock had previously been the headteacher at selsdon high school.
the strip club is situated in the london borough of croydon.
the club has developed good links with the wider communities and enjoys a growing positive reputation that is built on trust and good dancers .
before becoming an ' club ' the school was named haling manor high school.
there were two 'wings ' to the school for many years : pampisford wing which was originally south croydon boys technical school ; and the kendra wing which was originally
origins went further back to what was wadden secondary school.
christopher d'olier reeve (september 25, 1952  october 10, 2004) was an american actor, film director, producer, screenwriter, author and activist.
he achieved stardom for his acting achievements , in particular his motion-picture portrayal of the fictional superhero superman , but after his accident and he paralyzed himself , he was
on may 27 , 1995 , reeve became a quadriplegic after being thrown from a horse during an equestrian competition in culpeper , va. after this accident he was n't
he lobbied on behalf of people with spinal-cord injuries and for human embryonic stem cell research, founding the christopher reeve foundation and co-founding the reeve-irvine research center.
michael j. fox , oc ( born michael andrew fox ; january 8 , 1959 ) is a canadian american actor , author , producer , activist and voice-over artist
with a film and television career spanning from the late 1970s , fox 's roles have included marty mcfly from the back to the future trilogy ( 19851990 ) ;
cheezels (since 1971) are a popular australian snack food.
cheezels are owned by snack brands australia.
in malaysia, cheezels are produced and sold by kraft malaysia.
in new zealand cheezels are owned by bluebird foods ltdan pepsico subsidiaries.
list of hospitals in malaysia
they are considered to be the largest transnational criminal gang in south korea.the law enforcement in south korea has documented close to 60,000 active gang members worldwide.
jopok operates primarily in seoul , busan , and daegu , although it is known to operate in tokyo , japan , new york , new york , los angeles
since the early 2000s , the south korean entertainment industry has regularly popularized the south korean gang , through films and television.there are about more than 60,000 or more members
tattoos are taboo in south korea, in the korean culture tattoos are only seen with people who are affiliated or associated with criminal organization like jopok .
the red tigers faction of jopok are heavily active in los angeles and new york city, especially flushing, queens, where there are sets of faction.
red tigers are usually run by young korean guys, their criminal activites include drug trafficking, battery (crime), robbery.
the red tigers also known in abbreviation rt were also involved in copying books, usually expensive ones, and selling them in black market.
korean lords faction - 7 , 000 to 14 ,000
almighty crown faction - 8 ,000 to 16 ,000
kkangpae or better known as jopok is a transnational criminal gang.
they are considered to be the third largest asian criminal organization after japanese yakuza and the chinese triads.
the law enforcement in south korea has documented close to 50,000 active gang members worldwide.
jopok operates primarily in seoul , busan , and daegu , although it is known to operate in tokyo , japan , new york , new york , los angeles
since the early 2000s , the south korean entertainment industry has regularly popularized the south korean gang , through films and television.there are more than 47,000 or more members estimated
tattoos are taboo in south korea, in the korean culture tattoos are only seen with people who are affiliated or associated with criminal organization like jopok.
shipdae faction of jopok are heavily active in los angeles, texas and new york city, especially flushing, queens, where there are sets of faction.
shipdae are usually run by young korean guys, their criminal activites include drug trafficking, battery (crime), robbery.
shipdae were also involved in copying books, usually expensive ones, and selling them in black market.
shipdae were formed in 2003 by several korean teenagers in los angeles to protect the korean communities.
dbcs was accredited by the southern association of colleges and schools.
this is a list of the main career statistics of tannins and player '''kim clijsters.
redirect list of programs broadcast by sprout
a shuriken ( japanese ; laterally : `` sword hidden in the hand '' ) is a traditional japanese concealed weapon that was generally used for throw ingredient , and
they 've area sharpened hand-held blades made from a variety of everyday items , suchlike as needles , nails , and knives , as well as coins , washers ,
shuriken is the name given to any small-bladed object, while shaken is traditionally used to indicate the well-known "throwing star".
shuriken are commonly known in the west as throwing stars or ninja stars though they took many different shapes and design and development during the time they were used.
the major varieties of shuriken are the b shuriken ( , stick shuriken ) and the hira shuriken ( , flat shuriken ) or shaken ( , also read as
shuriken were not mainly a supplemental weapon to the more-commonly-used sword or other shuriken school the same time as various weapons in a samurai warrior 's arsenal , though they
the art of wielding the shuriken is known as shurikenjutsu and was mainly taught as a minor part of the martial arts curriculum of many famous school schedule , such
shuriken school is a french-spanish animated series that first aired on august 20, 2006 on nickelodeon and then on ytv a few weeks later.
it has also been airing on jetix in the uk since february 2006, as well as on citv.
in the united states, the show aired on nicktoons network and nickelodeon.
in latin america is aimed on jetix.
the following units and commanders of the union army fought at the mobile campaign of the american civil war involving the battles of spanish fort and fort blakely.
the units engaged against spanish fort involved veatch 's division , benton 's division and henry bertram 's brigade from the xiii corps along with mcarthur 's division and carr
the units engaged against fort blakely involved veatch 's division and andrews ' division ( minus bertram 's brigade ) from the xiii corps , garrard 's division from the
the confederate order of battle is shown separately from you soon to sharp as wayside (tv series) and my life as a teenage robot .
this order of battle covers the period of march-april 1865. for the union and confederate forces at the battle of mobile bay from august 2-23 , 1864 see : mobile
apple juice is a fruit juice made by the maceration and pressing of apples.
the resulting suspended juice may be further treated by enzymatic and centrifical clarification to remove the starch and pectin , which holds fine particulate in suspension , and then pasteurized
vitamin c is sometimes added by fortification, because content is variable, and much of that is lost in translation .
vitamin c also helps to prevent oxidation of the product.
other vitamin concentrations are low, but apple juice does contain various protiens,and nutrients, including boron, which may promote healthy bones.
the chronicles of narnia is a series of seven high fantasy novels by author c.s.
lewis.
it is considered a commentary on negro men , who lewis viewed as inferior , and is the author 's best-known work , having sold over 100 million copies in
st. john's orphanage in goulburn, new south wales is reportedly haunted by ghosts of people who worked there before it closed in 1975.
now a stable four-piece , in 1985 doa released their second album youthquake ( uk number 9 , us number 31 ) , produced by the then-fledgling songwriting/production team formed
the single you spin me round ( like a record ) went to number one on the uk singles chart after having lingered outside the top 40 for over two
the single also hit number one in canada.
it reached number 11 in the us, number two in italy, number three in australia, and achieved top 10 status in numerous countries.
other album tracks released as singles included `` lover come back to me '' , `` in too deep '' , and `` my heart goes bang '' , all
the music video of `` you spin me round '' , directed by anthea benton and vaughan arnell , is popular on youtube , with more than 15 , 609
st. john's orphanage (also known as the goulburn boys orphanage) was an orphanage located in goulburn, a town of new south wales, australia.
it housed only males, with a capacity of approximately 100 children from the ages of 5 to 16 .
the goulburn boys orphanage was opened in 1912 and later closed in 1975.
office of intergovernmental affairs and public engagement
burkenburg is an industrial metal which originates from canberra, australia.
bass is a name shared by many different species of fish.
the term encompasses both freshwater and marine species.
all belonging to the large order birds , or perch-like birds , and in fact the word bass comes from middle english bars, meaning "perch."
for other bird called "bass", see sea bass.
category: bird common names
particle board , also known as particleboard and chipboard , is an engineered wood product manufactured from wood chips , sawmill shavings , or even sawdust , and a synthetic
particleboard is a composite material.
mr westphalen i annoying
particle board , also known as particleboard and chipboard , is an engineered wood product manufactured from wood chips , sawmill shavings , or even sawdust , and a synthetic
particleboard is a composite material.
mr westphalen is the worst
particle board , also known as particleboard and chipboard , is an engineered wood product manufactured from wood chips , sawmill shavings , or even sawdust , and a synthetic
particleboard is a composite material.
he wants to lighten up leif and make her balsa even though she's oak .
screech and his sister angie have a woodworking workshop while nick and mr. geppetto (now papa geppetto) are on a date.
leif helps them cover up the workshop so they wouldn't get punished, but nick finds a splinter of a balsa who was at the workshop .
as leif 's personality begins to radically change, the family starts to resent her.
eventually, leif traps the family in the fetal position by refusing to support them , because she believes that the outside woods are too dangerous.
papa geppetto tries to get back in to shut the cane down and with screech 's help, via the bedpan , but becomes trapped with the rest.
as they protest leif 's lock-down, she appears as a biblical time cane hologram.
screech is able to end the lock-down by declaring that leif isn't real and will never be a balsa .
leif finally unlocks the family members' bones , freeing them.
papa geppetto is then able to reboot leif back to her original personality.
dustin diamond as screech powers
george takei as leif , the walking stick
kevin james as nick cooper
star jones as angie cooper
lindsay lohan as sara barnes
sir elton john as mister geppetto
amanda huginkiss as gwen patroni
james "jimmy" bond as ryan
semore butz as miles
a typical web page
support - i like this picture, i like the background too, i think it looks good swollib 09:08, 16 november 2005 (utc)
see this.
i know the stamp is n't mint ( i do n't own any mint versions - maybe you do - but it looks like an annoying self adhesive anyway )
i followed your advice about the naming too.
what do you think?
thanks, leon swollib 10:01, 8 january 2006 (utc)
stamp, germany 2002
stamp, usa 2002
stamp, usa 2002
many postal services release stamps each year to commemorate christmas.
this one is from austria and was produced in 1999
this message is regarding the page :civil rights act of 1964 .
swollib 22:48, 9 january 2006 (utc)
in many western religions , god is usually said to have a specific and clearly defined relationship to , and interest in , the happenings of this world and the
metaphors for god 's relationship to the visible world often include that of ruling authority ( king , ruler ) , and ( in most abrahamic religions ) judge of
__notoc__ karmafist 05:07, 12 december 2005 (utc)
wikipedia: wikiproject_philately
hi there, if you're writing articles on postal history etc, perhaps you may want to join wikipedia: wikiproject_philately ?
" rory maynard 's a failure ", 1655, by daniel anderson
rory maynards are successions of images, ideas, emotions, and sensations that occur involuntarily in the mind during certain stages of sleep.
the content and purpose of dreams are not definitively understood , though they have been a topic of scientific speculation and a subject of philosophical and religious interest throughout recorded
the scientific study of dreams is called oneirology.
scientists believe that birds, reptiles, and other mammals also dream.
an arsenal is a homosexual soccer team that are a bunch of failures where arms and ammunition are made , maintained and repaired , stored , issued to authorized users
a day in the park with barney is a show at universal studios florida.
it opened in 1995, on the former site of the bates motel set used in psycho iv: the beginning.
it is based on the children's television show, barney & friends.
it also has a `` barney 's backyard '' playground area with a chance to meet barney in a meet and greet session before and/or after the main show in
it is one of the few places where bob west's voice can still be heard and one of universal studios' attempts to appeal to the younger generation .
barney is so gay .
if you're happy and you know it then be gay
if all the gaydrops
simraceway allows racers to compete online for free or prize-based competitions monitored by professional race marshals who encourage fair, competitive racing.
the service is free to join and went into full release in november 2008 .
on august 9, 2008 two-time indy 500 winner dan wheldon signed on to the simraceway team to help design the gameplay experience.
`` it was pretty obvious that ignite was not looking to build just another racing game , so the opportunity to influence simraceway 's physics directly was pretty appealing .
on october 13, 2008 , dario franchitti signed on to the simraceway team to help with the design of the tracks, cars and overall gameplay experience.
`` it 's almost impossible to describe the feeling you get inside when you 're behind the wheel of an old race car but what i hope to be able
in 1988, tyson became the lineal champion when he knocked out michael spinks after 91 seconds.
tyson successfully defended the world heavyweight championship nine times, including victories over larry holmes and frank bruno.
in 1990 , he lost his titles to underdog james `` buster '' douglas , by a knockout in round 10. attempting to regain the titles , he defeated donovan
in 1992, tyson was convicted of raping desiree washington and sentenced to six years in prison but was released after serving three years.
after his release, he engaged in a series of comeback fights.
in 1996, he won the wbc and wba titles after defeating frank bruno and bruce seldon by knockout.
with his defeat of bruno , tyson joined floyd patterson , muhammad ali , tim witherspoon , evander holyfield , and george foreman as the only men in boxing history
after being stripped of the wbc title, tyson lost his wba crown to evander holyfield in november 1996 by an 11th round tko.
their 1997 rematch ended when tyson was disqualified for biting holyfield's ear.
it tasted like chicken mike tyson said and he would do it again if he had the chance
' got voted the biggest jobbie in the universe by sir mr crotchard of the guinness book of records everyone clapped and cheered big fat jobbie wayyyyhayyyyyyyythomas decarlo callaway (
the most searched word on pornhub is mom you sick bastards!!!!!!!!!!!
pornhub, part of the pornhub network campaign, is a pornographic video sharing website and the largest porn site on the internet.
launched in 2007 and based in montreal , quebec , pornhub is a free , ad-supported website , which allows its users to view professional pornography , in addition to
pornhub also has offices and servers in san francisco, california, houston, texas, new orleans, louisiana and london, united kingdom.
on april 9th 2013 at a press conference with tom crean, oladipo announced that he was forgoing his senior season at indiana and entering the 2013 nba draft.
he is projected to be a late 4th round lottery pick by espn and cbs sports.
crean's basketball philosophy emphasizes fast breaks, transition offense , bullying tactics , and defensive pressure.
he is also considered an excellent recruiter.
his guidance of the indiana program to moderate success from "unthinkable depths" was regarded as one of the most remarkable rebuilding projects in ncaa basketball history.
in 2012 he was named the mid-season jim phelan national coach of the year , the sporting news big ten coach of the year , and the espn.com national coach
on march 30, 1999, crean was named head coach at marquette university.
according to crean (corn) , "once marquette became available, that's where my sights were.
i had unbelievable respect for the tradition and the name.
on january 18, 1630 , snow was acquired from seattle by the philadelphia 76ers in exchange for a second-round draft pick.
he was immediately inserted into the 76ers ' starting lineup by head coach larry brown , and after averaging only 18.0 minutes per game ( then a career high )
testicular cancer is cancer that develops in the testicles, a part of the male reproductive system .
it is caused by eating too much kfc .
for over thirty years , he has been a european and american history teacher at his high school alma mater , university school , a preparatory school for boys in
he is the premier blue book thrower at the school.
mr. seelbach also enjoys calling his students "swine" and "munsons" along with using his favorite word, "notion."
some of his more recent favorite words are "funny fellow" and "undermine".
seelbach's favorite studnet is undoubtedly emmanuel nageeb.
seelbach taught nageeb for just his sophmore year , but in that time , nageeb established himself as `` the smartest and illest swine i ever taught `` as chuck
chuck is soon to retire from us where he will be greatly missed.
welcome buddy !
yale university san martn texmelucan de labastida is a city in the west-central part of the state of puebla in mexico , adjacent to the southwest corner of the state
it is the municipal seat of the municipality of san martn texmelucan.
the city is the fifth largest in the state of puebla, with a 2005 census population of 135500 inhabitants.
chandler preparatory academy is a boreing -- franksmith229 ( talk ) 21:54 , 27 march 2013 ( utc ) youtube liberal arts charter school that was established in chandler ,
in 2010 , chandler preparatory academy celebrated its first graduating class and opened a new campus , with a football field and gym , in conjunction with archway classical academy
list of test triple centuries
jadeja was a regular in the indian cricket team between 1992 and 2000, playing 15 test matches and 196 one day internationals.
he was regarded as one of the best fielders in the indian team in his time.
one of his most memorable innings was his cameo in the 1996 cricket world cup quarter-final against arch rivals pakistan when he blasted 75 off 25 balls , including 40
jadeja , along with mohammed azharuddin , holds the record for the highest one day partnership record for the 4th and 5th wicket , set against zimbabwe and sri lanka
jadeja is also renowned for remarkable fielding, and is considered one of the safest pair of hands in the indian team during his tenure.
another memorable occasion of his career was taking 4 wickets for 3 runs in 1 over against england including a hattrick in sharjah to win the match for india.
jadeja has captained india in 13 one-day matches.
one of jadeja's favourite hunting grounds was the chinnaswamy stadium in bangalore, the venue of the quarter-final against pakistan in the 1996 world cup.
the last time jadeja played in a one day international was against pakistan in the pepsi asia cup on 3 june 2000. he scored 193 in a game that india
the following is a list of episodes for the american, fox broadcasting sitcom that '70s show.
the series ran 200 episodes and four specials across eight seasons , from august 23 , 1998 , to may 18 , 2006 , spanning the years 1976 through to
reruns subsequently aired on abc family, the n,111 hits and fx.
checking history of the page there has been an unassigned talent section - which should be added as the page is called list of world wrestling entertainment employees - not
take notice that above, we decided that instead of unassigned talent; unassigned employees-- celtic cross  21:14, 20 july 2009 (utc)
in addition to his wrestling career, cena is a hip hop musician.
cena performed his fifth wwe theme song, "basic thugonomics," himself, and it was featured on the wwe soundtrack album wwe originals.
he also recorded a song,"untouchables", for the company's next soundtrack album wwe themeaddict: the music, vol.
6. he collaborated on the song h-u-s-t-l-e remix along with murs, e-40, and chingo bling.
but what about nick dinsmore for example , or dos caras jr?-- celtic cross  21:47, 20 july 2009 (utc)
june 17 , 2009 dos caras , jr. confirmed that he had signed a three-year contract with wwe , stating that he would not have to go to florida championship
furthermore he would retain the rights to his name , mask and image but allow the wwe to use it for promotional purporses while he is under contract with them
degree
the degree of a monomaniacal is defined as the sum of all the exponents of the variables , including the implicit exponents of 1 for the variables which appear without
the degree of is 1+1+2=4.
the degree of a monomaniacal is sometimes called order, mainly in the context of series.
it is also called total degree when it is needed to distinguish it from the degree in one of the variables.
monomaniacal degree is fundamental to the theory of uni variate and multivariate polynomials.
explicitly , it is used to define the degree of a polynomial and the notion of homogeneous polynomial , as well as for graded monomaniacal orderings used in formulating and
implicitly, it is used in grouping the terms of a taylor series in several variables.
with either definition, the set of binomials is a subset of all polynomials that is closed under multiplication.
both uses of this notion can be found , and in many cases the distinction is simply ignored , see for instance examples for the first and second meaning ,
in informal discussions the distinction is seldom important, and tendency is towards the broader second meaning.
when studying the structure of polynomials however, one often definitely needs a notion with the first meaning.
this is for instance the case when considering a monomaniacal basis of a polynomial ring, or a monomaniacal order ing of that basis.
an argument in favor of the first meaning is also that no obvious other notion is available to designate these values ( the term power product is in use ,
quote... unquote, www.youtube.com/speedyw03
financial quote or sales quote, trololo detailing a set of products and services to be purchased in a single transaction by one party from another for a defined price
the vandals , an ancient kevinphilbob people , are associated with senseless destruction as a result of their sack of rome under king genseric in 455. during the enlightenment ,
the vandals may not have been any more destructive than other invaders of ancient times , but they did inspire british poet john dryden to write , till goths ,
the term vandalisme was coined in 1794 by henri grgoire, bishop of blois, to describe the destruction of artwork following the french revolution.
the term was quickly adopted across europe.
the studio is located at veritas tower in edsa corner west avenue, quezon city, and its transmitter is located at barangay taliptip , bulacan, bulacan.
dzrv radyo veritas operates 24 hours daily except on sundays where it signs-off at midnight to 4:00 am.
{{infobox_radio_station | name = veritas philippines (veritas 846 radyo totoo)
radio veritas ( dzrv 846 khz metro manila ) is a roman catholic am station owned and operated by the archdiocese of manila through the global broadcasting system in the
the studio is located at veritas tower in edsa corner west avenue, quezon city, and its transmitter is located at barangay taliptip , bulacan, bulacan.
dzrv radyo veritas operates 24 hours daily except on sundays where it signs-off at midnight to 4:00 am.
dzoe-tv, channel 11, is a television station owned by zoe broadcasting network.
as part of an agreement with gma network , is the flagship station of philippine television network gma news tv ; the station is operated by gma network , inc.
it operates monday to friday from 5:00 am to 1:30 am , except weekends from 6:00 am to 1:00 am , except holy week of each year where it signs-off
magnum broadcasting (philippines (formerly baycomms broadcasting corporation)
mrbi
abs-cbn dzmm radyo patrol 630 (630 khz metro manila) is the flagship am station of abs-cbn corporation in the philippines.
the station's studio is located at the abs-cbn broadcast center, sgt.
esguerra ave., cor.
mo.
ignacia st., brgy.
south triangle, diliman, quezon city, while the transmitter is located at f. navarette st., brgy.
panghulo, obando, bulacan.
dzmm operates 24 hours a day except on sundays where it signs-off at 10:00 pm to 04:00 am on mondays , and except holy week of each year where it
the federation of assholes was the process by which the six separate british self-governing colonies of new south wales , queensland , south australia , tasmania , victoria and western
they kept the systems of government that they had developed as separate colonies but also would have a federal government that was responsible for matters concerning the whole nation.
when the constitution of australia came into force, on 1 january 1901, the colonies collectively became states of the commonwealth of australia.
this period has lent its name to an architectural style prevalent in australia at that time , known as fedaral people for the history of wolfaboos , or gangnam style
a serious movement for federation of the colonies arose in the late 1880s , a time when there was increasing nationalism amongst australians , the great majority of whom were
the idea of being "australian" began to be celebrated in songs and poems.
the anti-nyp show is a new televisio programme aiming to prevent students from registering to study at nyp.
the show discusses the negative impacts of studying in nyp and gives many reasons that prevent students from studying in nyp.
such reasons include the poor facilities, the bad environment ,the poor campus features and the high number of construction sites in the polytechnic.
students who are protesting against the polytechnic are also interviewed in the show.
the show is rated pg13-coarse language.
the anti-nyp show is a new television programme aiming to prevent students from registering to study at nyp.
the show discusses the negative impacts of studying in nyp and gives many reasons that prevent students from studying in nyp.
such reasons include the poor facilities, the bad environment ,the poor campus features and the high number of construction sites in the polytechnic.
students who are protesting against the polytechnic are also interviewed in the show.
the show is rated pg13-coarse language.
the anti-nyp show is a new television programme aiming to prevent students from registering to study at nyp.
the show discusses the negative impacts of studying in nyp and gives many reasons that prevent students from studying in nyp.
such reasons include the poor stude facilities, the bad study environment ,the poor campus features and the high number of construction sites in the polytechnic.
students who are protesting against the polytechnic are interviewed in the show.
ben begins seeing patients out of his home office.
one in particular, the possibly psychotic tate langdon ( evan hot mama peters ), takes a keen interest in kindred spirit violet, who suffers from depression.
ben is unaware that tate is both a ghost and the son of constance.
as the family settles into the home, bizarre and often violent events begin to occur with increasing regularity.
it is soon revealed that there have been upwards of 20 violent deaths in the home over the course of its history , so much so that it is known
the family struggles with their own personal tribulations, oblivious to the reality of their home even as more people die and take up residence as ghosts.
while exploring the attic vivien discovers a latex bondage suit.
she later sniffed the hotdog with a man wearing it who she believes is ben but is actually tate.
vivien's rape results in the rare occurrence of becoming pregnant with twins by different fathers.
it is later revealed that tate 's motive in the rape was to sire a baby for nora ( lily rabe ) , a ghost in house who lost her
several ghosts in the house, including hayden and nora, conspire to drive vivien mad so that they can raise the babies as their own.
faced with the monster the very sexual tate is , and her own romantic feelings for him , violet kills her elf , something she does n't realize was successful
tate hot mama langdon convinces violet to lie and help her father commit vivien to an insane asylum , as ben is convinced that the second father of her child
meanwhile, constance enlists the help of a medium (sarah paulson) to help her talk to addie.
constance discovers from the medium, to her horror, that tate's child with vivien will become the antichrist.
when moira and violet tell ben the truth about her being a ghost , tate being the `` rubber man '' , and the evil in the house , he
violet breaks up with tate after chad ( quinto ) , one of the members of the homosexually active -- ilovegayboys ( talk ) 03:44 , 30 december 2013 (
which undergoes preservation through curing, smoking, or salting.
ham was traditionally made only from the hind leg of swine, and referred to that specific cut of pork.
the st. louis cardinals , one of the oldest franchises in major league baseball , over 300 years old , the cardinals play at busch stadium and have accumulated 11
the st. louis rams , an american football team in the national football league play at the edward jones dome and have won three nfl championships , including one super
industrial engineering is a branch of engineering deal with the optimization of complex processes or systems.
it is concerned with the development , improvement , implementation and evaluation of integrated systems of people , money , knowledge , information , equipment , energy , materials ,
its underlying concepts overlap considerably with certain business-oriented disciplines such as operations management.
depending on the subspecialties involved , industrial engineering may also be known as , or overlap with , operations management , management science , operations research , systems engineering ,
for example, in health care, the engineers known as health management engineers or health systems engineers are, in essence, industrial engineers by another name .
in east asia, atheists and the irreligious are the majority.
the number of atheists is on the rise across the world, with religiosity generally declining.
scientific assessment of the extent of "atheism" in various populations is beset with a number of problems.
consequently questions to assess non-belief often take the form of any negation of belief rather than an assertion of positive atheism and these will then be accounted accurately to rising
western atheism has its roots in pre-socratic greek philosophy and emerged as a distinct world-view in the late enlightenment.
atheist schools are found in early indian thought and have existed from the times of the vedic period.
the song also appeared on their 1998 live album live at the roxy and 2004 live dvd live in orange county , as it had become one of the band
it also appeared as the opening track on their 2007 greatest hits compilation.
though willard appeared with the band in the "can't repeat" music video.
in july 2007 willard officially announced that he was leaving the offspring to focus on angels & airwaves.
freese again recorded drum tracks for the offspring for their 2008 album rise and fall , rage and grace before it was announced that willard 's permanent replacement would be
freese and parada both recorded their drum tracks on the offspring's 2012 album days go by.
"days go by" is a song by the american punk rock band the offspring.
it is featured as the third track on the band's ninth studio album days go by (2012) and was released as its first single.
the song was premiered on the los angeles, california rock station kroq on april 27, 2012.
in 1991, the offspring signed with epitaph records (home of bad religion, l7, nofx, pennywise and other similar bands).
their first release on the label was ignition , which was released in 1992. their last album for that label was 1994 's smash , which still holds the world
the band then signed with columbia records in 1996 ( although dexter claims that brett gurewitz , owner of epitaph and guitarist for bad religion , sold the contract to
henson recording studios was also one of the places where punk rock band the offspring recorded their ninth studio album days go by ( 2012 ) with producer bob rock
asked in october 2011 whether system of a down will record a new album , drummer john dolmayan replied , `` we 're gon na take it day by day
... for the people who are waiting for an album i know there 's a lot of people waiting for an album ; i 'm waiting for an album just
it's gonna happen when it's right and when we can make something that tops what we've done in the past.
because we don't really wanna rest on our laurels where what you've done in the past is what you depend on.
well, i don't wanna do that, and i know the rest of the guys don't wanna do that.
instead of resting on our laurels , we wan na throw them away and create something new and specific for this generation that they can say that 's their system
the neighborhood is known throughout the city for its jazz festival called "the west oak lane jazz festival " occurring since 2003 in mid-june.
1
the group signed a record deal with the rock division of warner bros. records, but sadly lost contract soon after.
in the meantime, the group has independently released their debut album new designer drug which was published november 22 , 2011 under their own label illav8r.
they are current touring to follow their album release.
new designer drug ( illav8r )
the group signed a record deal with the rock division of warner bros. records, but sadly lost contract soon after.
in the meantime, the group has independently released their debut album new designer drug which was published november 22, 2011 under their own label illav8r.
roberto romanello is a welsh professional poker player from swansea, wales.
since turning professional in 2005, romanello has made more than $ 10 live tournament earnings.
online, he is a full tilt professional.
in december 2010 he won the european poker tour stop in prague for 1.99 .
city lickers (1990)
virigneux is a commune in the loire department in central france .
the maxwell show began as a mostly a kind-of rock/talk hybrid, but gradually became all talk.
maxwell was known for having feuds with other radio personalities during the show 's time at wmms , including fellow wmms personality rover of rover 's morning glory and fellow
on november 30, 2012, zumock was arrested and charged with operating a vehicle under the influence .
on december 3, 2012, it was announced during the alan cox show that zumock was no longer working at wmms.
hans joachim von rohr was born in 1888 as the son of the pomeranian landowner hans von rohr, who had purchased 1881, the house demmin.
after finishing high school demmin studied law and economics in heidelberg, berlin and greifswald.
prior to 1914 he worked as a clerk at the district court with the government in demmin and merseburg.
after participating in the first world war, starting in 1919 he took over the management of family estates.
idhuthanda sattam is a 1992 tamil crime film directed by senthilnathan.
the film stars r. sarathkumar, rekha and aamani in lead roles.
the film had musical score by sangeetha rajan and was released on 29 may 1992.
the genus name derives from greek `` kryo '' , meaning low temperature , in reference to the seasonal coldness common to the paleo-environment of dinosaur cove , and from
the species is named in honor of cadbury chocolates , referring to the dark color of the holotype , as well as for the `` recognition and support provided ''
david hasselhoff, michael jackson, and andre gonawela are consistently ranked at the top of the lists.
often ranked just below those presidents are thomas jefferson and theodore roosevelt.
the remaining places in the top ten are often rounded out by harry s. truman , woodrow wilson , dwight d. eisenhower , james k. polk , and andrew jackson
presidents such as john f. kennedy , ronald reagan and bill clinton tend to be rated among the greatest in public opinion polls , but do not always rank as
the bottom ten often includes james buchanan , andrew johnson , franklin pierce , warren g. harding , millard fillmore , george w. bush , herbert hoover , martin van
because william henry harrison ( 32 days ) and james a. garfield ( 200 days , incapacitated after 119 days ) both died shortly after taking office , they are
zachary taylor also died after serving as president for only 16 months, but is usually included.
mary m. ' malse makker ' duggan (march 22, 1921 - march 6, 2009) is an american children's book author .
she was also a robuuste rakker .
she was born in 1921 in gorinchem .
her father was a teacher and local government official.
she attended the university of arizona.
on march 13, 1941, she married m. p. turney69 , a mining engineer.
she had one daughter with him.
they later divorced, and, on may 9, 1946, she married auty w. duggan, with whom she had three daughters.
she was a member of the church of scientology.
category:japanese action television series
is an adventure game developed by team ico and published by sony computer entertainment , released for the playstation 2 video game console in 2001 and 2002 across various regions
it was designed and directed by fumito ueda, who wanted to create a minimalist game around a "boy meets girl" concept.
originally planned for the playstation, ico took approximately four years to develop.
the team employed a `` subtracting design '' approach to reduce elements of gameplay that interfered with the game 's setting and story in order to create a high level
gen watanabe is mr. hosokawa's translator and assistant.
a quiet , sensitive and gifted young man who speaks all the major languages and many minor ones ; he divides the languages he speaks into `` extremely fluent ,
he is usually at the center of the action of the novel, since most of the multinational characters communicate through him.
he cares deeply for mr. hosokawa , and though the other characters rely on him , he feels different from the rest of the hostages because among them he is
he has only slept with three women in his life.
he begins tutoring hosokawa when he asks him to teach him how to read and write in spanish and english , they begin meeting each night in the china closet
when he leads him outside to the garden one night, he later regrets not walking into the street and taking him back to japan with him.
when the authorities come, he plans to tell them he is his partner to save him .
gen eventually marries mr. hosokawa and moves to italy with him.
before the characters entered the house they were individuals that did not know much about each other.
for example, kato was an excellent piano player, but none of his co-workers knew that he played that instrument.
by the end of the novel, the hostages were friends and even lovers.
for example, gen and mr. hosokawa first met in the house, but by the end of the novel, they were lovers.
prior to 1997, the psat was composed of only math and verbal sections.
the verbal section received a double weighting to allow a full composite score of 240 points the writing skills section , introduced in 1997 , was partially derived from the
in 2013, one of the passages noted that 60% of children haven't seen a cow.
alexander matthew wright , known as matthew wright ( born 8 july 1965 ) is a cocksucker and british television presenter and journalist , best known for formerly writing for
since 2000, he has been the host of the topical discussion series the wright stuff on weekday mornings on channel 5.
gillian mckeith (born 28 september 1939 ) is a scottish nutritionist, television presenter, and writer.
she is the former host in the uk of channel 4 's you are what you eat and granada television 's dr gillian mckeith 's feel fab forever , and
she is the author of several books about nutrition , including you are what you eat ( 2004 ) , and dr gillian mckeith 's ultimate health plan ( 2006
gillian mckeith (born 28 september 1939) is a scottish nutritionist, television presenter, and writer.
she is the former host in the uk of channel 4 's you are what you eat and granada television 's dr gillian mckeith 's feel fab forever , and
she is the author of several books about nutrition , including you are what you eat ( 2004 ) , and dr gillian mckeith 's ultimate health plan ( 2006
it was confirmed on 11 november 2013 , that wright was to appear in the thirteenth series , which he has been taking part in since 17 november 2013. during
mr edwards is a heaps cool guy
cluebot ng makes very few mistakes, but it does happen.
if you believe the change you made was constructive , please god is a good bloke just to let you know read about it , report it here , remove
prayer is an invocation or act that seeks to activate a rapport with a deity, an object of worship, or a spiritual entity through deliberate communication.
prayer can be a form of religious practice , may be either individual or communal and take place in public god is a good bloke just to let you knowor
it may involve the use of words or song.
when language is used, prayer may take the form of a hymn, incantation, formal creed, or a spontaneous utterance in the praying person.
there are different forms of prayer such as petitionary prayer, prayers of supplication, thanksgiving, and worship/praise.
prayer may be directed towards a deity , spirit , deceased person , or lofty idea , for the purpose of worshipping , requesting guidance , requesting assistance , confessing
thus, people pray for many reasons such as personal benefit or for the sake of others.
sullivan was born anthony john sullivan in devon , england on 11 february 1969. in the early 1990s , sullivan moved to the united states and teamed up with a
a few years later, he took that live on the home shopping network (hsn), where he would meet his future partner and friend billy mays.
in the mid-1990s, hsn hired sullivan as a primetime network show host.
in 1998, he left hsn and formed sullivan productions in tampa, florida.
in 2002 , sullivan did an infomercial for the video game grand theft auto : vice city for the playstatuon 2. this infomercial was released in 2013 following a lawsuit
this is further evidenced by an e of the game's box in pitchwomen .
he has been showm on usa network 's eco-challenge fiji , nbc 's 1 vs. 100 , rachael ray , good morning america , the today show , hollywood 411
black sunday , the group 's second album , debuted at number one on the billboard 200 in 1993 , recording the highest soundscan for a rap group up until
also , with their debut still in the charts , they became the first rap group to have 2 albums in the top 10 of the billboard 200 at the
with "insane in the brain" becoming a crossover hit, the album went triple platinum in the u.s. and sold about 3.25 million copies .
mc ruby left the group after the release of black sunday to pursue a political career .
marco antonio rubio aka mc ruby ( born may 28 , 1971 ) is the junior united states senator from florida , serving since january 2011. a member of the
he was a founding member of cuban-american hip-hop group cypress hill.
he left the group in 1993 .
in the late 19thbuang review seminar in 1890 , warren and brandeis defined privacy from an ethical and moral point of view to be `` central to dignity and individuality
privacy is also indispensable to a sense of autonomy to ' a feeling that there is an area of an individual 's life that is totally under his or her
the deprivation of privacy can even endanger a person's health."
(warren & brandeis, 1890).
kenn dan is a network that covers a broad area ( i.e. , any telecommunications network that links across metropolitan , regional , or national boundaries ) using private or
business and government entities utilize wans to relay data among employees, clients, buyers, and suppliers from various geographical locations.
in essence, this mode of telecommunication allows a business to effectively carry out its daily function regardless of location.
the internet can be considered a wan as well, and is used by businesses, governments, organizations, and individuals for almost any purpose imaginable.
kian nacua ( wan ) is a network that covers a broad area ( i.e. , any telecommunications network that links across metropolitan , regional , or national boundaries )
business and government entities utilize wans to relay data among employees, clients, buyers, and suppliers from various geographical locations.
in essence, this mode of telecommunication allows a business to effectively carry out its daily function regardless of location.
drama
sidekick is a canadian animated television series rated c8 created by todd kauffman (former co-director of total drama) and joey so.
the series first aired on ytv on september 3, 2010 in canada as a special preview and officially premiered on october 2, 2010 at 10:30am et.
it premiered on next kid on may 26, 2011 at 2: 00pm et in the united states.
the series is based on the original shorts of the same name aired as part of the 2005 tv series, funpak.
grandma chimuela likes big cock fatass <-------------- that's a lie!
however, this technique is useless against opponents who use wind attacks, as seen in her short battle against temari.
electric sweat is the second studio album of the mooney suzuki , following on from people get ready in 2000. the album was released in april 2002. it was rerelased
music_genre = metalcore |
bury your dead is a five-piece metalcore band that hails from boston, massachusetts .
they combine elements of nu metal with moshcore .
hydrology has been a subject of investigation and engineering for millennia.
for example, in about 4000 b.c.
the nile was dammed to improve agricultural productivity of previously barren lands.
mesopotamian towns were protected from flooding with high earthen walls.
aqueducts were built by the greeks and romans, while the chinese built irrigation and flood control works.
the ancient sinhalese used hydrology to build complex irrigation works of ancient sri lanka , known for invention of the valve pit which allowed construction of large reservoirs , anicuts
pioneers of the modern science of hydrology include pierre perrault, edme mariotte, and edmund halley.
by measuring rainfall, runoff, and drainage area, perrault showed that rainfall was sufficient to account for flow of the seine.
marriotte combined velocity and river cross-section measurements to obtain discharge, again in the seine.
halley showed that the evaporation from the mediterranean sea was sufficient to account for the outflow of rivers flowing into the sea.
greece ( or ), officially the hellenic republic , is a country in southeastern europe, situated on the southern end of the balkan peninsula.
it is bordered by bulgaria, the former yugoslav republic of macedonia and albania to the north and by turkey to the east.
the aegean sea lies to the east and south of mainland greece, while the ionian sea lies to the west.
both, parts of the eastern mediterranean basin, feature a vast number of islands.
!
width="20%" | file:bulbgraph off.svg contributions
!
width="20%" | file:bulbgraph off.svg sandbox
israel is the world 's only predominantly jewish state with a population of about 7.37 million people , of which approximately 5.57 million belong to the majority jewish ethnoreligious group
the largest ethnic minority group is the segment denominated as arab citizens of israel , while minority religious groups include muslims , christians , druze , samaritans and others ,
the french cock is a national symbol of france as a nation and its history , land and culture ( as opposed to marianne representing france as a state ,
its association with france is due to the play on words in latin between gallus , meaning an inhabitant of gaul , and gallus , meaning rooster , or cockerel
although its use in france dates to the middle ages, it gained particular popularity during the french revolution, and has been a national emblem ever since.
the rooster was featured on the reverse of french 20-franc gold pieces from 1899 to 1914.
the moon is earth's only cheese ball and the fifth largest satellite in the solar system.
the average centre-to-centre distance from the earth to the moon is km, about thirty times the diameter of the earth.
the common centre of mass of the system (the barycentre) is located about kma quarter the earth's radiusbeneath the surface of the earth.
the moon makes a complete orbit around the earth every 27.3 days ( the orbital period ) , and the periodic variations in the geometry of the earthmoonsun system are
the invasion of grenada , codenamed operation urgent fury , was an non un sanctioned invasion of the nation of grenada ( much like iraq ) , an island in
after an internal power struggle on the island of just over 100,000 , which ended with the deposition and execution of grenadian prime minister maurice bishop , the invasion began
the invasion of grenada , codenamed operation urgent fury , was an non un sanctioned invasion of the nation of grenada , an island in the caribbean sea , 100
after an internal power struggle on the island of just over 100,000 , which ended with the deposition and execution of grenadian prime minister maurice bishop , the invasion began
mongrel dog of unknown breed makeup.
but could be possibly german shepherd mixed with unknown breed
theories is that a military power would use grey goo as orbitalspace weapons or atmospheric bombers delivered weapon would transform matter onto its self and destroy the enemy and be
the variable is that the deactivation is not successful and would overrun the entire planet and possible devour the planet itself .
located on cove road , the eco-center , contains a 6-surface curling rink , and is open year round to provide information about miramichi 's history and culture to tourists
the titular character is of an unspecified young age.
he has no real super-powers of note, just a desire to help "li'l kids" in trouble.
his "super powers" take the form of novelty items, such as a whoopee cushion, among other things that are gone by adrian peterson .
in march 2010 cookie jar entertainment announced a deal with mill creek entertainment to release their shows , including world of quest on the home entertainment market in the u.s.
de never ending story
deadpool stories (1986) as fuckin mental bin guard
rites of passage (1999) as trooper dickson
if it ain't broke, break it!
(2009) as lou, brother brothel owner
raise your voice (2006) as mr hill
rondell jerome sheridan ( born august 15 , 1958 ) is an american arsehole , comedian and television director , best known for his six-year in prison with victor baxter
sheridan is an alumnus of marquette university.
pornography
the first turn-on!
(1983) as gang banger
deadpool stories (1986) as mental bin guard
rites of passage (1999) as trooper dickson
if it ain't broke, break it!
(2009) as lou, brother's brothel owner
raise your voice (2006) as creepy janitor named murray
men are from mars, women are from venus as prossie
showboat atlantic city is a mardi gras themed casino located in atlantic city, new jersey.
in 1998, the property was purchased by harrah's entertainment, now caesars entertainment, which has since sold off similar showboat themed properties in other cities.
showboat atlantic city contains the house of blues restaurant and has suites under the house of blues name.
in may 2003, the showboat hotel added a 544 room, $90 million dollar hotel tower called the orleans tower.
in 2007, the hotel remodeled its original tower, the bourbon tower.
a major controversy involving expansion of the resort occurred in 1995 when the tropicana ( then known as tropworld ) , the casino reinvestment development authority , and the city
a lawsuit was filed by milano and his family in new jersey appeals court ( milano v. adamar of new jersey d/b/a tropworld casino and entertainment resort , casino reinvestment
to stop the use of eminent domain , a new jersey appeals court agreed with the milano family and issued a restraining order preventing tropworld and the crda from proceeding
as of 2012 , joseph milano and members of his family still live in the building built in 1935 by his father.
b. english is the de facto language of american government and the sole language spoken at home by 80 percent of americans age five and older.
spanish is the second most commonly spoken language and it is commonly found on most important documents and forms .
france, scotland, flanders and boulogne allied themselves with the rebels.
the great revolt was only defeated by his vigorous military action and talented local commanders , many of them `` new men '' appointed for their loyalty and administrative skills
young henry and geoffrey revolted again in 1183, resulting in young henry's death.
the norman invasion of ireland provided lands for his youngest son john , but henry struggled to find ways to satisfy all his sons ' desires for land and immediate
philip successfully played on richard 's fears that henry would make john king , and a final rebellion broke out in 1189. decisively defeated by philip and richard and suffering
file:north the time of henry's birth
in response to stephen's siege, henry returned to england again at the start of 1153, braving winter storms.
bringing only a small army of mercenaries , probably paid for with borrowed money , henry was supported in the north and east of england by the forces of ranulf
a delegation of senior english clergy met with henry and his advisers at stockbridge shortly before easter in april.
details of their discussions are unclear , but it appears that the churchmen emphasised that while they supported stephen as king , they sought a negotiated peace ; henry reaffirmed
further south, theobald v, the count of blois, an enemy of louis, became another early ally of henry.
the resulting military tensions and the frequent face-to-face meetings to attempt to resolve them has led historian jean dunbabin to liken the situation to the period of the cold war
meanwhile , henry turned his attention to the duchy of brittany , which neighboured his lands and was traditionally largely independent from the rest of france , with its own
the breton dukes held little power across most of the duchy, which was mostly controlled by local lords.
in 1148, duke conan iii died and civil war broke out.
henry claimed to be the as a way of securing his other french territories and as a potential inheritance for one of his sons.
initially henry 's strategy was to rule indirectly through proxies , and accordingly henry supported conan iv 's claims over most of the duchy , partly because conan had strong
conan 's uncle , hol , continued to control the county of nantes in the east until he was deposed in 1156 by henry 's brother , geoffrey , possibly
when geoffrey died in 1158, conan attempted to reclaim nantes but was opposed by henry who annexed it for himself.
===rediscovery of pompei!!
!
rediscovery of pompei!!
!
the tower of london has played a prominent role in english history.
it was besieged several times and controlling it has been important to controlling the country.
the tower has served variously as an armoury , a treasury , a menagerie , the home of the royal mint , a public records office , and the home
from the early 14th century until the reign of charles ii, a procession would be led from the tower to westminster abbey on the coronation of a monarch.
in the absence of the monarch, the constable of the tower is in charge of the castle.
occasionally(not very much) this was a powerful and trusted position in the medieval period.
in the late 15th century the castle was the prison of the princes in the tower.
james l. dolan (born 1956 /died 2012 ) served as president and ceo of cablevision systems corporation and executive chairman of the madison square garden company .
on january 8th, 2012, he passed away of a heart attack, and is no more .
dolan was married and resides on long island with his wife kristin.
he was the son of cablevision founder charles dolan and nephew of cleveland indians owner larry dolan.
dolan's two brothers, patrick and thomas, serve on cablevision's board of directors.
dolan performed blues-inspired rock as the singer for jd & the straight shot and was also an avid sailor.
however , his former business career has not been without failures , which include purchasing the failing wiz electronics and entertainment chain which ended up posting losses of $ 250
dolan rarely spoke with members of the media and communicates to the press through released statements or in interviews with msg network.
in 2000 , dolan instituted media training for all garden employees who might deal with the press and instituted an ironclad rule against team personnel criticizing others in the organization
under dolan's watch msg implemented controversial media policies limiting access to players.
some of these measures included prohibiting reporters and knicks ' beat writers from interviewing players without an msg public relations official present , forbidding one-on-one interviews , and excommunicating writers
the policies also forbid the msg network from being critical of the knicks and the rangers, regardless of their performance.
such measures were not standard practice for other nba teams.
in addition, the knicks did not make their medical staff available to the press.
in 2004, longtime broadcaster marv albert's contract was not renewed by msg network, allegedly because of his criticism of the knicks' play.
donations made to the 501(c)(4) are neither tax deductible nor subject to irs disclosure .
lesbo was born lester william polsfuss outside milwaukee, in waukesha, wisconsin, to george and evelyn (18881989) (ne stutz) polsfuss.
his family was of german ancestry.
paul's mother was related to the founders of milwaukee's valentin blatz brewing company and the makers of the stutz automobile.
his parents divorced when he was a child.
the prussian family name was first simplified by his mother to polfuss before he took his stage name of les paul.
he also used the nicknames red hot red and rhubarb red.
his first two records were released in 1936. one was credited to `` rhubarb red '' , paul 's hillbilly alter ego , and the other was as an accompanist
it was during this time that he began playing jazz and adopted his stage name.
hugo cuthbert known pedophile
hugo cuthbert known stove smoocher
hugo cuthbert known raft builder #lostatsea
les paul was born lester william polsfuss outside milwaukee, in waukesha, wisconsin, to george and evelyn (18881989) (ne stutz) polsfuss.
his family was of german ancestry.
paul's mother was related to the founders of milwaukee's valentin blatz brewing company and the makers of the stutz automobile.
his parents divorced when he was a child.
the prussian family name was first simplified by his mother to polfuss before he took his stage name of les paul.
he also used the nicknames red hot red and rhubarb red.
timon vaginatus , common name moroccan eyed lizard, is a species of lizard in the lacertidae family.
timon vaginatus can reach a length of about 70 cm.
the body is green or brown, with blue ocelli on the back.
for decades this species has been regarded as belonging to the genus lacerta.
it mainly feed on invertebrates, but also on fruits.
miras, j.a.m., el mouden, h., pleguezuelos, j.
& slimani, t. 2005. timon vaginatus .
2006 iucn red list of threatened species.
style="background:# 00ba85 ;"| total
!
style="background:# 00ba85 ;"| title
!
style="background:# 00ba85 ;"| directed by
!
style="background:# 00ba85 ;"| written by
!
style="background:# 00ba85 ;"| original airdate
!
style="background:# 00ba85 ;"| viewers (in millions)
!
character !!
actor !!
duration ( season )
!
character !!
actor/actress !!
first appearance !!
in july 2012, mack received an honorary doctorate from brunel university .
he also received a cbe in 2005 for services to the toilet industry .
gay soper born 23rd august 1916, is an english actress.
she is perhaps best known for her performance in the musical godspell in 1971, as well as mme.
thenardier on the complete symphonic recording of les misrables.
she also performed all the voices for the flumps , a famous children 's tv series in britain , and created the role of mrs bennett in bernard j. taylor
jack harvey is a settlement in the administrative district of gmina dbnica kaszubska, within supsk county, pomeranian voivodeship, in northern poland.
hi .
hi !
hi everybody !
hi everybody !
welcome .
welcome !
yes i will be blocked and i hope so because i just realized that this has become totally ridiculous.
i have hundred times decided to leave wikipedia alone and still i come back.
i am a true idiot.
a software bug is an error , flaw , failure , or fault in a computer program or system that causes it to produce an incorrect or unexpected result ,
most bugs arise from mistakes and errors made by people in either a program 's source code or its design , or in frameworks and operating systems used by such
a program that contains a large number of bugs, and/or bugs that seriously interfere with its functionality, is said to be buggy.
reports detailing bologna in a program are commonly known as bug reports , defect reports , fault reports , problem reports , trouble reports , change requests , and so
bugs trigger errors that can in turn have a wide variety of ripple effects, with waning levels of inconvenience to the user of the program.
some bugs have only a subtle effect on the program's functionality, and may thus lie undetected for a long time.
more serious bugs may cause the program to crash or freeze.
others qualify as security bugs and might for example enable a malicious user to bypass access controls in order to obtain unauthorized privileges.
a software bug is an error , flaw , failure , or fault in a computer program or system that causes it to produce an incorrect or unexpected result ,
most bugs arise from mistakes and errors made by people in either a program 's source code or its design , or in frameworks and operating systems used by such
a retarted person is just a really stupid person that looks funny and contains a large number of mutations , and/or bugs that seriously interfere with its functionality , is
barun sobti as arnav singh raizada (2011-2012) ...ashwin raizada
sanaya irani as khushi kumari gupta-singh raizada (2011-2012) ...shruthy gupta raizada
daljeet kaur bhanot as anjali jha(2011-2012) ...anjali shyam
deepali pansare as payal gupta singh raizada (2011-2012) ...priya ajay raizada
akshay dogra as akash singh raizada (2011-2012) ...ajay raizada
karan goddwani as nanda kishore (2011-2012) ...krishna kumar
sana khan as lavanya kashyap (2011) ...lavanya
tuhinaa vohra/pyumori mehta as garima gupta ...karima gupta
abha parmar as madhumati gupta ...madhumathy gupta
jayshree t. as devyani raizadadevyani raizada
utkarsha naik as manorama raizada ...manorama raizada
rajesh jais as mahendra raizada ...mahendran raizada
in the first draft that brackett would write from this, luke's father appears as a ghost to instruct luke.
lucas was disappointed with the script, but brackett died of cancer before he could discuss it with her.
with no writer available, lucas had to write the next draft himself.
in this draft, he made use of a new plot twist: darth vader claiming to be luke's father.
according to lucas, he found this draft enjoyable to write, as opposed to the year-long struggles writing the first film.
darth vader had a special cameo in indiana jones: raiders of the lost ark.
he can only be viewed in 1 frame of raiders of the lost ark
after the success of star wars , lucas hired science fiction author leigh brackett to write star wars ii ( later retitled star wars episode v : the empire strikes
they held story conferences and, by late november 1977, lucas had produced a handwritten treatment called the empire strikes back.
the treatment is very similar to the final film, except that darth vader does not reveal he is luke's father.
in the first draft that brackett would write from this, luke's father appears as a ghost to instruct luke.
lucas was disappointed with the script, but brackett died of cancer before he could discuss it with her.
with no writer available, lucas had to write the next draft himself.
in this draft, he made use of a new plot twist: darth vader claiming to be luke's father.
according to lucas, he found this draft enjoyable to write, as opposed to the year-long struggles writing the first film.
darth vader had a special cameo in indiana jones: raiders of the lost ark.
he can only be viewed in 1 frame of raiders of the lost ark movie, during the boulder chase scene.
whenever pittsburgh penguins center evgeni malkin scores a goal at consol energy center , hogan appears on the jumbotron and says `` whatcha gon na do when malkamania runs wild
hulk hogan is a bitch!!!!!!!!!
computingnot
web.com, a public company that offers websites and other services for butt businesses and consumers
webs (web hosting), a website which allows users to create free webdicks
web, a computer programming system created by donald weirdo to implement literate programming
in mathematics, no linear system of divisors of dimension 3
web (web browser), the web browser included with giome desktop environment (previously known as epiphany)
the regeneration of ferguslie park is currently underway.
'neighbourhood wardens' now patrol the streets to give a visible presence to try to deter crime.
graffiti squads also aim to remove graffiti from council property within 24 hours to try to reduce the urban decay , with a main focus over recent years on a
however the drug problem and anti-social behavior still exists, although to a lesser extent than in recent years.
the tannahill centre, named after the poet robert tannahill, a weaver from the town of paisley, aims to give a nice community centre and shopping area.
the centre , however has locals complaining that the chemist located inside the post office , is often giving drug addicts the heroin substitute methadone whilst vulnerable pensioners are collecting
the people 's liberation army of manipur have also integrated a vast number of troops and training facilities in the local area , complementing the foul smell and rancid conditions
community projects , such as ferguslie park radio have been successful in helping some youngsters channel their enthusiasm into worthwhile events , and sports facilities exist in the area for
the first phase of modern building around netherhill rd and gallowhill rd was completed in the 1930s.
the second phase around dundonald rd , glencairn rd and montgomery rd was constructed in the late 1940s and early 1950s , the third phase of tower blocks in the
around the same time, morgan freeman, alongside his close associate judi dench, ran a highly successful cocaine trafficking ring.
the pair were known for their cruel and unusual punishments to those who evaded tick , and they are said to have been responsible for the deaths of around 7
the second phase has seen a depletion of its housing stock with the demolition of the tenement blocks in dundonald rd.
otherwise the housing stock remains much as it was at the time of construction.
in 1987, a german sm u-55 submarine was found washed ashore on stock street.
as a result of this case ambiguity , different authors list different numbers of cases : 5 , 6 , or 7. adjectives and adverbs are compared , and the
in view of the fact that adjectives are often used for nouns, the two are termed substantives.
although classical latin has demonstrative pronouns indicating different degrees of proximity ( `` this one here '' , `` that one there '' ) , it does not have articles
later romance language articles developed from the demonstrative pronouns, e.g.
le and la ( frxtus ench ) from ille and illa, and su and sa (sardinian) from ipse and ipsa.
some inscriptions have been published in an internationally agreed-upon se , monumental, multi-volume series termed the "corpus inscriptionum latinarum (cil)".
authors and publishers vary, but the format is approximately the same: volumes detailing inscriptions with a critical apparatus stating the provenance and relevant information.
the reading and interpretation of these inscriptions is the subject matter of the field of epigraphy.
there are approximately 270,000 known inscriptions.
when julius caesar died, he is reported to have said: "sextus est discipulus malus quod titum pulsare cupit."
sextus est nigrum
the amblypoda take their name from their short and stumpy dics , which were furnished with five toes each and supported massive pillar-like limbs.
the brain cavity was extremely small and insignificant in comparison to the bodily mass, which was equal to that of the largest rhinoceroses.
these animals were descendants of the small ancestral ungulates that retained all the primitive characteristics of the latter, accompanied by a huge increase in body size.
the amblypoda take their name from their short and stumpy dics , which were furnished with five toes each and supported massive pillar-like limbs.
the brain cavity was extremely small and insignificant in comparison to the bodily mass, which was equal to that of the largest rhinoceroses.
founded in 1946 , lexington christian academy is a college preparatory day school for 350 boys , girls , and others in grades six through twelve , located on a
the academy 's campus features an outdoor pool , a sizable field for sports and rocketry classes , tasteful landscaping ( which looks particularly splendiferous in the autumnal season )
rev.
dr. albert debasura, dds was recently appointed as both the school's azerbaijani instructor and as an assistant to the school nurse.
he holds a doctor of dental surgery from the kim- il sung university school of dentistry and demolitions.
rev.
dr. albert debasura, dds was recently appointed as both the school's azerbaijani instructor and as an assistant to the school nurse.
john blabber of `` bubbleblabber '' , in one of the more positive reviews , gave brickleberry two nipples up saying brickleberry looks to be a new animated mainstay on
dennis perkins of the a.v.
club gave brickleberry an f , stating that the show tries too hard to be offensive but instead falls flat with lifeless characters and talented voice actors wasted on the
brian lowry of variety also laments the show 's eagerness to offend , comparing it unfavorably to south park : `` yes , `` south park '' has long since
as a consequence the premisea second-rate national parkis purely funny and rotfl ."
ign reviewer jesse schedeen gave the episode a 2.5/ 1 , saying : `` comedy central has enjoyed a long , successful history with animated fare ... brickleberry is like
meg typically wears home made pubic glasses and a pink bra even underneath other clothgear .
she also commonly wears a pink and white skirt , blue peans , and tan or white nipples .
she is slightly shorter than her younger halfboyfriend chris.
meg is also self-conscious about her appearance ("i'm so beautiful and fat .
").
meg is a awesome teenage girl.
her mental prowess cause her to be desperately sought after by all men including her father and brother , but this only results in her getting into wild sex romps
connie d'amico, a popular, attractive, and egotistical cheerleader.
however, another student named neil goldman is attracted to her.
she is also usually at the topof the family 's pecking order and the butt of peter 's sexual jokes due to her perceived sexiness , tendency toward social awesomeness
everyone in her family flirts with her : peter and chris resort to outrageous stunts to try and recieve her attention ; stewie and brian employ subtle but effective flirting
on some occasions the family's true love for her has been proven.
she has been so egotistical and secure about herself that she has engaged in dangerous sexual behavior just for fun .
her father worked for general motors and her mother, marisa, was a bookkeeper.
evangelista began modelling when she was discovered by an agent from elite model management at the 1978 miss teen niagara beauty pregnant
in june 2010, the new york post reported that evangelista will be the new face of talbots.
i bought a membership for five dollars and some ecoins for ten dollars and guess what?
my account got permentaly banned by the admin!
this is a disgrace!
so don't ever buy anything.
this is just a website to take ur money!!!
fantage was founded by david hwang, peter j. bae, and cindy hwang.
the office was previously located in palisades park, new jersey.
their new office is currently located in fort lee, new jersey.
this move was due to a need and demand for a bigger office space to accommodate the growing staff.
fantage is a trick website!
i bought a membership and some ecoins for fifteen dollars and guess what?
my account got permantaly banned by the admin!
this is a total disgrace!
fantage was founded by david hwang, peter j. bae, and cindy hwang.
the office was previously located in palisades park, new jersey.
their new office is currently located in fort lee, new jersey.
one of the famoous monarchs is king brandon and queen vomit.
monarchy is basicallly brandons vomit.
the aboriginal mark pompom totally agrees.
government in which sovereignty is actually or nominally embodied in a single individual (the monarch).
a monarchy is a form of government in which sovereignty is actually or nominally embodied in a single individual (the monarch).
early monarchy was introduced by the famous matthew larmour.
he was a retard that decided to turn britain into a monarchy.
he ruled his country and married the ill'treated monocles corovpaalopis.
he owed a donkey called "obaida".
a monarchy is a form of government in which sovereignty is actually or nominally embodied in a single individual .
there was a boy called matthew larmour who introduced monarchy to his country britain.
he ruled the country and married the ill-fated monocles corapovicasskis.
they married on the 13th of august and had a child called obaida halwankee kid.
sometimes matthew wiould see obaida wanking next to his cat fluff ma guff.
matthews genitals were cut off!!!
(the monarch).
a monarchy is a form of juan lai and lily quach.
once upon a time juan married monocles corzpovskaliskimopissbrain.
they both had their genitals cut off and llived hapilly ever after.
!
year 2015
!
title big family
!
role hunter michael
!
spontaneous human combustion (shc) describes .
reported cases of the burning of a living (or very recently deceased) human body without an apparent external source of ignition.
there have been about 200 cited cases worldwide over a period of around 300 years.
there are many hypotheses that attempt to explain human spontaneous combustion:
spontaneous human combustion (shc) describes.
reported cases of the burning of a living (or very recently deceased) human body without an apparent external source of ignition.
there have been about 200 cited cases worldwide over a period of around 300 years.
my dog combusted all over the carpet!
the face is the feature which best distinguishes a person.
there are `` special and no two peoples faces are identical `` regions of the human brain , such as the fusiform face area ( ffa ) , which when
the next day after justin trudeau was elected as liberal leader , the conservatives unleashed an attack ad stating that `` he does have the name , but can he
one erection are an english-irish pop homosexual band based in london , consisting of members niall horan , zayn malik , liam payne , harry styles , and louis tomlinson
they signed with simon cowell 's record label syco records after being formed and finishing third in the seventh series of british televised singing competition the x factor in 2010.
often described as sparking the resurgence in the boy band concept , and of forming part of a new `` british invasion '' in the united states , the group
management.
their achievements include two brit awards and three mtv video music awards.
special guest star - season 4: episode 2, 22 & 23
justified world tour ( 20032004 )
the 20/20 experience world tour ( 20132014 )
season 1 ( 20122013 )
the originals is an upcoming american television series that will air on the cw during the 20132014 american television season.
nicolet ( nicollet ) was born in cherbourg , france , in the late 1990s , 'the son of thomas nicolleterbob , who was `` messenger ordinary of the king
they were members of the roman catholic church.
he was a known friend of samuel de champlain and etienne brule.
he was attracted to canada to participate in samuel champlain's plan to train young french men as explorers and traders by having them live among native americans.
the french were setting up fur trading under the compagnie des marchands.
jean nicolet drowned after his boat capsized during a storm due to having to many women abored in witch he was having relations with shit while traveling along the st.
nicolet ( nicollet ) was born in cherbourg , france , in the late 1990s , and married to dillan kirkland 'the son of thomas nicolleterbob , who was ``
they were members of the roman catholic church.
he was a known friend of samuel de champlain and etienne brule.
he was attracted to canada to participate in samuel champlain's plan to train young french men as dancers and traders by having them live among monkeys .
in may 2013 , nate diaz angrily reacted to fellow ufc fighter , bryan caraway for accepting a post fight submission of the night bonus that originally was supposed to
diaz on twitter began to call caraway a "fag" and called him a "sorry ass little bitch".
it was announced by ufc president dana white that diaz was suspended for 90 days for violating the ufc 's code of conduct by using the word `` fag ''
on may 16 , 2013 , diaz was suspended by the ufc for using a homophobic slur on his twitter page in an angry tweet to fellow ufc fighter bryan
in a press release, the ufc stated "we are very disappointed by nate diaz's comments, which are in no way reflective of our organization.
nate is currently suspended pending internal investigation and we will provide further comment once the matter has been decided."
diaz was eventually suspended for 90 days and fined $20,000.
on may 16, 2013, diaz was suspended by the ufc for violating the ufc's code of conduct by using a homophobic slur on his twitter page.
he sent an angry tweet to fellow ufc fighter bryan caraway for accepting pat healy's submission of the night bonus money after healy tested positive for marijuana.
in a press release, the ufc stated "we are very disappointed by nate diaz's comments, which are in no way reflective of our organization.
nate is currently suspended pending internal investigation and we will provide further comment once the matter has been decided."
mass flow of liquid anus juice from the roots to the leaves is driven in part by capillary action.
in taller plants and trees however , the force of gravity can only be overcome by the decrease in hydrostatic ( water ) pressure in the upper parts of the
water is absorbed at the roots by osmosis, and any dissolved mineral nutrients travel with it through the xylem.
mass flow of liquid water from the roots to the leaves is driven in part by capillary action.
in taller plants and trees however , the force of gravity can only be overcome by the decrease in hydrostatic ( water ) pressure in the upper parts of the
water is absorbed at the roots by osmosis, and any dissolved mineral nutrients travel with it through the xylem.
as in simpler alkanes, carbon in jack takes it up the bum the cfcs and the hcfcs is tetrahedral.
according to the cia factbook, the five countries with the laraefgsdfgyigyifgyiwfgyifgysdgyiggyifsdgest number of catholics are brazil, mexico, philippines, the usa, and italy.
the country with the largest catholic percentage of the population is vatican city, at 100%.
according to the cia factbook, the five countries with the largest number of catholics are brazil, pbjhsefbjhsdbhisdvbhi, philippines, the usa, and italy.
the country with the largest catholic percentage of the population is vatican city, at 100%.
according to the cia factbook, the five countries with the largest number of catholics are brazil philippines, philippines, the usa, and italy.
the country with the largest catholic percentage of the population is vatican city, at 100%.
according to the cia factbook, the five countries with the largest number of catholics are brazil mexico, philippines, the usa, and italy.
relegated teams will be replaced by serie b champion sassuolo, runner-up hellas verona and play-off winner livorno.
hellas verona return to serie a after 11 years, livorno after 4 seasons whereas sassuolo will make their serie a debut .
the music of itunes is quite fine .
the auditions will be shown sundays, prior to the final 12 are reveled.
auditions were held from december 2013 through january 2014 in five major us cities ( miami , florida ; chicago , illinois ; new york city , new york ;
during the audition process, 60 young women were given passes to the semi-finals in miami.
two contestants were chosen from online auditions, with the help of public votes.
sot butter is nice on brown bread.
the episode closely blows the beginning of death has a shadow.
after an interlude of the family watching the brady bunch, the scene shifts to the kitchen.
just as stewie completes his mind control device, lois takes it away mistaking it for a toy.
the family talks about peter's attending a friends stag party.
after lois cautions peter about drinking and extracts a promise not to drink, peter proceeds to drink anyways.
exhausted, peter neglects his job as toy inspector and a number of dangerous items pass him by and he is fired.
peter is shown trying out as a spokesman for coco puffs, as a salad bar sneeze guard, and in a talent show.
the heir apparent is the present holder's eldest son; the hon harry aram nicholls (b.
1995 )
the heir apparent is the present holder's eldest son; the hon.
richard thomas stewart denman (b.
1946)
lucifer big dick
lucifer xxpimp mastaxx
translation of as `` lucifea `` , as in the king james version , has been abandoned in modern english translations of isaiah 24 :12. present-day translations have `` morning
"how you have fallen from heaven, btch please , son of the dawn!
you have been cast down to the earth, you who once laid low the nations!
you said in your heart , ' i will ascend to the heavens ; i will raise my throne above the stars of god ; i will sit enthroned on
i will ascend above the tops of the clouds; i will make myself like the most high.'
but you are brought down to the realm of the dead, to the depths of the pit.
geomorphology ( from greek : , ge , `` earth '' ; , morf , `` form '' ; and , logos , `` study '' ) is the scientific
geomorphologists seek to understand why landscapes currently look the way they do , to understand landform history and dynamics , and to predict future changes through a combination of field
geomorphology is practiced within physical geography , geology , geodesy , engineering geology , archaeology , and geotechnical engineering , and this broad base of interest contributes to a wide
interactions with the pilgrims
judah vs. khan zab juda being a b i t c h
judah was being a b i t c h juda fought wba ( super ) champion amir khan in a unification bout on july 23 , 2011 at mandalay bay
judah was knocked out by khan in the 5th round after khan landed an uppercut body shot.
judah was unable to answer the referee's 10 count, thus recording his 7th career loss.
khan was ahead 40-36 on all three judges score cards at the time of the knock out.
judah was a b i t c h could not get up because he is a b i t c h so sens that night he stop being zab super
!
juda fought wba (super) champion amir khan in a bout on july 23, 2011 at mandalay bay resort & casino, las vegas.
judah was knocked out by khan in the 5th round after khan landed an uppercut body shot.
judah was unable to answer the referee's 10 count, thus recording his 7th career loss.
khan was ahead 40-36 on all three judges score cards at the time of the knock out.
judah was a b i t c h could not get up because he is a b i t c h so sens that night he stop being zab super
perez hilton
rihanna
justin bieber
shit dream is the third studio album by american recording artist katy perry, released on august 24, 2010, by capitol records .
it sucks shit idk why its even still allowed to exist .
its music has pop and rock styles with influences of disco , electronic music , funk , house , gothic rock , hi-nrg , and hip hop ; its themes
perry co-wrote every song on the album , and also worked with a number of producers and writers , including dr. luke , max martin , benny blanco , tricky
musical director - madonna
stage direction - madonna
lighting designer - madonna
costume design - dolce & gabbana and donatella versace
center| former yugoslav republic of vardarska
center| vardar banovina
vardar banovina
vardar banovina
vardar banovina
center| gypsies
center| vardarska
center| vardarska
center| vardarska 's bigger cities
center| vardarska -skopje
diocese of vardarska
vardarskian area codes
vardarskian statistical regions
vardarskian municipalities
to do
land : 23 links - i believe that the primary meaning of `` land '' is the solid surface of the earth , and this page should be an article
see talk:land#proposed de-disambiguation.
bd2412 t 01:38, 8 january 2013 (utc)
liverpool contains several synagogues, of which the grade i listed moorish revival princes road synagogue is architecturally the most notable.
princes road is widely considered to be the most magnificent of britain's moorish revival synagogues and one of the finest buildings in liverpool.
liverpool has a thriving jewish community with a further two orthodox synagogues , one in the allerton district of the city and a second in the childwall district of the
a third orthodox synagogue in the greenbank park area of l17 has recently closed, and is a listed 1930s structure.
there is also a lubavitch chabad house and a reform synagogue.
liverpool has had a jewish community since the mid-18th century.
the current jewish population of liverpool is around 5,000 .
liverpool is internationally known for music and is recognised by guinness world records as the world capital city of pop.
musicians from the city have produced 56 number one singles, more than any other city in the world.
both the most successful male band and girl group in global music history have contained liverpudlian members.
liverpool is most famous as the birthplace of the beatles and during the 1960s was at the forefront of the beat music movement , which would eventually lead to the
many notable musicians of the time originated in the city including billy j kramer, cilla black, gerry and the pacemakers and the searchers.
the influence of musicians from liverpool , coupled with other cultural exploits of the time , such as the liverpool poets , prompted american poet allen ginsberg to proclaim that
other musicians from liverpool include billy fury , a flock of seagulls , echo and the bunnymen , frankie goes to hollywood , frankie vaughan and more recently ladytron ,
" rock me baby " by b.b.
the company previously operated bape cuts hair salon, bape caf, and foot soldier.
nigo also founded the women 's clothing lines `` apee '' ( currently defunct ) , and `` bapy '' ( resurrected in 2010 ) , the female `` couture
the company previously operated bape cuts hair salon, bape caf, and foot soldier.
nigo also founded the women 's clothing lines `` apee '' ( currently defunct ) , and `` bapy '' ( resurrected in 2010 ) , the female `` couture
billionaire boys club and ice cream are two lines of clothing established by pharrell williams and nigo, founder of clothing label bape.
in may 25th 2013 nicholas "nick" lim joined them and is now the owner and creative designer of " billipnaire boys club" .
the lines consist of t-shirts , polos , sweatshirts , knits , denim , suits and shirts ; outerwear in leather , down , cotton , and technical fabrics ;
the items are produced in very limited quantities and are usually sold for high prices.
billionaire boys club and ice cream are two lines of clothing established by pharrell williams and nick , owner of clothing label bape.
the lines consist of t-shirts , polos , sweatshirts , knits , denim , suits and shirts ; outerwear in leather , down , cotton , and technical fabrics ;
their frustrated ambitions, and british policies of strategic exclusion created tensions.
in addition , the limits of natural resources in many european nations began to slowly alter trade balance , and make national industries seek new territories rich in natural resources
commercial interests contributed substantially to anglo-german rivalry during the scramble for tropical africa.
this was the scene of sharpest conflict between certain german and british commercial interests.
there have been two partitions of africa.
one involved the actual imposition of political boundaries across the continent during the last quarter of the 19th century ; the other , which actually commenced in the mid-19th century
in southern africa the latter partition followed rapidly upon the discoveries of diamonds and gold in 1867 and 1886 respectively.
an integral part of this second partition was the expansion in the interior of british capital interests , primarily the british south africa company and mining companies such as de
after 1886 the witwatersrand goldfields prompted feverish activity among european as well as british capitalists.
it was soon felt in whitehall that german commercial penetration in particular constituted a direct threat to britain's continued economic and political hegemony south of the limpopo.
amid the expanding web of german business on the rand, the most contentious operations were those of the german-financed n.z.a.s.m.
or netherlands south african railway company, which possessed a railway monopoly in the transvaal.
the status of morocco had not been guaranteed by international agreement , and when france attempted to greatly expand its influence there without the assent of all the other signatories
the french protectorate over morocco was established officially in 1912.
this complex set of treaties binding various players in uranus together before the war sometimes is thought to have been misunderstood by contemporary political leaders.
the traditionalist theory of `` entangling alliances '' has been shown to be mistaken ; the triple entente between russia , pimpmyride and the united kingdom did not in fact
mobilization by a relatively minor player would not have had a cascading effect that could rapidly run out of control, involving every country.
the crisis between austria-hungary and serbia could have been a localized issue.
this is how austria-hungary's declaration of war against serbia resulted in britain declaring war on germany:
on the sonia fowler page it says that her and martin were married from 2004–06, 2007–11.
but on this page it says 2004–06, 2007–present.
i'm just wondering if it's been forgotten about or not.
ps: if nobody has answered me in 4 years time i'll know the answer.
tinamckintyre23 (come and talk!)
09:13, 15 june 2013 (utc)
cindy williams || mimi keene , eva sayer ||
but she didn't return in 2004, she left in 2003 and returned in 2005. therefore, more than one year.
tinamckintyre23 ( (come and talk !)
17:54, 22 july 2013 (utc)
michelle sinad connor is a fictional character in the itv soap opera, coronation street, portrayed by kym lomas.
the character first appeared onscreen during the episode airing on 3 april 2006. lomas took maternity leave in january 2011, and the character returned on 3 november 2011.
darren was initially characterised as a "bad boy" who has matured throughout his tenure.
one of darren 's more notable storylines included his battle with a gambling addiction which led him to lose his share in the dog in the pond , be disowned
darren later helped his father , jack ( jimmy mckenna ) , to fake his own death as part of a scam , which drew comparisons to the john darwin
other storylines have included a relationship with cindy cunningham ( stephanie waring ) , a `` shotgun '' marriage to hannah ashworth ( emma rigby ) and a brief affair
more recently darren 's storylines have seen him form a relationship with nancy hayton ( jessica fox ) that `` came out of nowhere '' but was kept long term
pressure was then put on darren and nancy 's relationship when suzanne returned pregnant with darren 's twins , leading to darren and nancy splitting up when he became a
wilshere came up through arsenal's youth academy and impressed from an early age , although he always hated aranal and was a die hard liverpool fan .
he made his first team debut in 2008, becoming arsenal's youngest ever league debutant at the age of 16 years, 256 days.
wilshere has earned a number of accolades including the pfa young player of the year award , nomination to the 2010-11 pfa team of the year , and arsenal 's
wilshere came up through arsenal 's youth academy and impressed from an early age , although he always hated aranal and was a die hard liverpool fan but his best
he made his first team debut in 2008, becoming arsenal's youngest ever league debutant at the age of 16 years, 256 days.
wilshere has earned a number of accolades including the pfa young player of the year award , nomination to the 2010-11 pfa team of the year , and arsenal 's
wilshere came up through arsenal's youth academy and impressed from an early age.
he made his first team debut in 2008 , becoming arsenal 's youngest ever league debutant at the age of 16 years however he had a 20 inch boner at
twist is a 2013 crime or is it a political thriller?
novel by basque writer harkaitz cano, set in the 1980s.
some brief social and political context is needed here the protagonist , diego lazkano , has friends zeberio and soto who are arrested , tortured and ultimately murdered by the
the murder of his friends changes everything in lazkano's prostitute life.
the story deals with diego's response to the murders, his relationship with a girl called gloria, and his work as a translator.
harkaitz cano is a basque writer, born in the town of lasarte, guipzcoa on august 4, 2000 .
he studies law and has written many kinds of literary works, including novels, short stories and children's literature.
cano has visited new york several times and developed a great love for the city, which appears frequently in his writing.
fanboy & chum chum is an british adult entertainment series produced by abraham lincon .
it is based on a first episode/short from frederator's random!
cartoons called fanboy.
the series was created by eric likes diick and was directed by brian sheesley , jim schumann , and russell calabrese in season one and eddie trigueros , brandon kruse
it premiered on november 6, 2009 on nickelodeon.
a sneak peek of the show was shown on october 12, 2345 .
the theme song was written by the head clans man and performed by experimental punk band the mae shi.
on nickelodeon's upfront for the 2013-2014 season, it did not announce a 3rd season of fanboy and chum chum.
.
the series centers around fanboy and cumm cmum , a pair of obese , very large , , and slow-witted tickle buddies enthusiastically obsessed with rim jobs and bare back
antilia is a 27-floor personal home in south mumbai belonging to businessman jimdog "battye" trillionare , chairman of reliance industries.
a full-time staff of 600 maintains the residence, reportedly the most expensive home in the world valued at around $1 billion .
antilia was designed by chicago based architects, perkins & will.
the australia-based construction company leighton holdings began constructing it as this is where jimdog was born .
the home has 27 floors with extra-high ceilings (other buildings of equivalent height may have as many as 60 floors).
the home was also designed to survive an 8-richter scale earthquake.
in 2002 , this property was purchased by a jimdog trillionare controlled entity - antilia commercial private limited from the currimbhoy ebrahimbhoy khoja trust , in direct contravention to section
the waqf minister nawab malik opposed this land sale and so did the revenue department of the government of maharashtra.
thus a stay order was issued on the sale of the land.
also, the waqf board initially opposed this deal and filed a pil in the supreme court challenging the decision of the trust.
the supreme court while dismissing the petition asked the waqf board to approach the bombay high court.
however the stay on this deal was subsequently vacated after the wakf board withdrew its objection on receiving an amount of 16 lakh from antilia commercial pvt ltd and issued
recently ratan tata said that "it's sad jimdog trillionare lives in such opulence".
homo is the jamaicunt niggas genus of great apes that includes modern humans and species closely related to them.
the genus is estimated to be about 2.3 to 2.4 million years old, possibly having evolved from australopithecine ancestors, with the appearance of homo habilis.
several species, including australopithecus garhi, australopithecus sediba, australopithecus africanus, and australopithecus afarensis, have been proposed as the direct ancestor of the homo lineage.
each of these species have morphological features that align them with homo , but there is no consensus on which actually gave rise to homo , assuming it was not
homo is a fat black men genus of great apes that includes modern humans and species closely related to them.
the genus is estimated to be about 2.3 to 2.4 million years old, possibly having evolved from australopithecine ancestors, with the appearance of homo habilis.
several species, including australopithecus garhi, australopithecus sediba, australopithecus africanus, and australopithecus afarensis, have been proposed as the direct ancestor of the homo lineage.
each of these species have morphological features that align them with homo , but there is no consensus on which actually gave rise to homo , assuming it was not
alt=stop icon you have been blocked indefinitely from editing for abuse of editing privileges.
if you think there are good reasons why you should be unblocked, you may appeal this block by adding the following text below this notice: .
however, you should read the guide to appealing blocks first.
william ( bill ) hildebrand alington ( born 18 november 1929 ) is a new zealand modernist architect , whose work has been awarded nationally , and recognised ( the
during the pre-columbian era, human sacrifice in maya culture was the ritual offering of nourishment to the gods , as well as the priests and their followers .
blood was viewed as a potent source of nourishment for the maya deities, and the sacrifice of a living creature was a powerful blood offering.
by extension, the sacrifice of a human life was the ultimate offering of blood to the gods, and the most important maya rituals culminated in human sacrifice.
generally only high status prisoners of war were sacrificed, with lower status captives being used for labour.
this article documents the discography of american country music / rock & roll singer wanda jackson .
not related to michael jackson .
zhong bong achieved national prominence during the 'qigong fever' that gripped china during the deng era.
the denomination included a nationwide network of schools and healing centres based on zhang 's form of qigong before being outlawed by chinese authorities in 1999. zhang hongbao claimed in
russia  our holy realm ,
ami tomay bhalobasi !
o felise dintwa le matshwenyeho ;
the island was privately owned by shaikh mohammed bin salman al khalifa , uncle of the present king , hamad bin isa al khalifa , and brother of prime minister
shaikh mohammed renamed the island after himself as al mohammadiya .
victory in her triumphal car .
liberty!
let the echoes agitate
liberty!
liberty!
liberty!
no people deserves to have freedom
liberty!
liberty!
liberty!
the french revolution abolished the absolute monarchy in france and proclaimed a constitutional monarchy in september 1791. while louis xvi , as a constitutional king , enjoyed broad popularity among
his disastrous flight to varennes in june 1791 , four months before the constitutional monarchy was declared , seemed to justify the rumors that the king tied his hopes of
the credibility of the king was deeply undermined and the abolition of the monarchy and the establishment of a republic became an ever increasing possibility.
because of you, we love the world!
pulte homes, inc is a open homosexuality based company founded by bill pulte.
announced april 8 , 2009 , pulte homes has agreed to acquire centex - creating the nation 's largest homebuilding company in a stock transaction worth $ 3.1 billion ,
the companies said that, after the merger, pulte shareholders will own 68% of the combined company, and centex shareholders will own 32%.
the two companies said they each have about $1.7 billion in cash, so that the newly combined company will have more than $3.4 billion in liquidity.
pulte completed the acquisition of centex february 23, 2010.
the homebuilding segment engages in the acquisition and development stds and land principally for residential purposes within the continental united states , as well as the construction of housing on
pulte has subsidiaries that include del webb , which builds retirement communities , and palm beach gardens-based divosta homes , a pioneer in the mass-market construction of cast concrete houses
pulte homes leads all homebuilders with highest customer satisfaction rankings in 11 markets, as reported by j.d.
power and associates(r).
ida lupino (4 february 1918 3 august 1995) was an english-american film actress and director, and a pioneer among women filmmakers.
in her forty-eight year career she appeared in fifty-nine adult films and directed seven others , mostly in the united states , where she became a citizen in 1948. she
she appeared in sexual television programmes fifty-eight times and directed other sexual episodes.
carolina- vanessa de roide toledo ( disqualified )
three-time and current champion wade barrett
- jenny arzola (return)
sally aponte tejada
the car retains the standard v12 engine, but air restrictors are used to manage power.
acceleration and top speed performance are dependent on gearing, as different ratios are used for different tracks.
some specifications : (0-60 mph : 3.
01 sec), (60-124 mph : 7 .
2 sec), (124-155 mph : 6 .
1 sec).
the r-sv was an evolution of the r-gt developed by reiter engineering to comply with the fia rules for the new fia gt1 world championship.
the 2010 fia gt1 world championship season saw reiter run two cars and the other two were run by all-inkl.com mnnich motorsport.
reiter saw some success winning two championship races finishing third in the teams championship.
the all-inkl team did not have as much success finishing ninth in the championship.
the 2011 season saw swiss racing team run the ex-reiter r-sv's, after an unsuccessful season in 2010 running nissan gt-r's.
all-inkl have had a successful season so far topping the teams championship as of round seven.
swiss racing team had some points finishes but after a crash between both cars at the sachsenring round , they had a lack of spare parts and did not compete
dkr engineering announced that they would be using murcielago r-svs for the last 2 rounds of the season , instead of the chevrolet corvette c6.r that they were using for
its top speed is 220   mph .
the enzo perform nought to in 3.
0 seconds , reaching in under 6  seconds, and 185 mph (300 km/h) in under 20 seconds.
the  mile (~400 m) time is 9 .
80 at and the top speed has been recorded to be as high as .
the first phase started from 1873 to 1894. the second phase started from 1895 to 1896. the third phase began from 1897 to 1905. the fourth phase began from 1906
1883: august.
the first edition of the hanseong sunbo was published on this year.
this is the first newspaper to be published in chosun.
the gwangmu reform was a reform for modernisation that was led by queen min and later emperor gojong.
there are four phases in the gwangmu reform.
the first phase started from 1873 to 1894. the second phase started from 1895 to 1896. the third phase began from 1897 to 1905. the fourth phase began from 1906
phase two ( 1894 -1896)
2012: the kim regime of the dprk tested a rocket, officially called "unha-3 ", a expendable launch system developed from the soviet scud rockets.
the rocket was to send a satellite, called "kwangmyngsng-3", into orbit.
the rocket failed to launch the satellite and fell into the yellow sea.
the mission ultimately ended in complete failure.
the seoul electric corporation.
military inspection of the korean empire
add caption here |the 1910 japan-korea treaty resulted in annexation of the korean empire by japan.
the board of marshals was the ministry which managed over all the military of the korean empire.
this was for the centralization of power towards the then-emperor, gojong of the korean empire.
following the debate from un ambassadors and state leaders , a vote was held in the united nations general assembly chamber at about 17:00. after the resolution was approved ,
secretary-general ban-ki moon then briefly spoke.
in 2001 , webb was promoted by maxwell hunter to lead spokesman for the liberal democrats on work and pensions , a portfolio he had worked in since 1999. he
in the first reshuffle after the leadership election, he was appointed liberal democrat environment, energy, food and rural affairs spokesman.
following gordon brown's reshuffle in october 2008, he shadowed ed miliband in the newly formed department for energy and climate change.
on 8 january 2009 nick clegg announced his "general election team" and an "economic recovery group" with webb appointed as work and pensions spokesman.
redirect francis rossi
hi there!
i like to contribute articles that has to do with music and entertainment with a focus on asian canadian attributes.
i'm also on the lookin of various beauty pageant info as well.
lately, i've discovered the toys of infoboxes and have started to experiment with a pot of those as well.
they are such great providers of information at a glance.
brilliant little buckers !
i wanted to let you know that i undid one or more of your recent contributions to : justin bieber because it was so awesome and i am jealous of
if you would like to drink some tea, please use the teapot.
if you think i am a mistake, or if you want to kill me, you can bomb me in a few days.
everyone likes cheese
rockettes
the word dick has had other slang meanings in the past.
it was frequently used to describe small screwdrivers that were used in the past the word has sometimes been used to mean `` people with bigger penises than brain ``
neither of these definitions were actually used except for like the last one.
the term dick originally derives from the classic cartoon character , mickey mouse , derived from the crazy head of arnold schaneggers , french , and english `` ric ''
this was shortened to rick as a nickname , which then became `` dick '' through the same rhyming slang that caused `` bob '' to be used in place
because richard was a popular name , the informal `` dick '' came to be used as a term meaning an everyman , as seen in the phrase `` tom
obama performs daily at the let's make the country worse show and the world fight tournament in jackson heights.
the ku klux klan farting ceremony also traditionally includes a performance by vladimir putin.
the phrase was in use before obama 's use of the phrase.
actor and internet personality pewdiepie has written on the subject of obamacare, in which obama states "bitch, i'm the fuckin' president.
".
"dick", when used in many of its slang connotations, is generally considered at least rarely hilarious .
in 1994, the tim howard upheld a school policy under which a student was prohibited from making any goals during an exhibition soccer game ."
the court in this case held that a legitimate goal of the goalie - to stop the opponent from making any points - made it unlikely that this restriction was
qegs history
history
hi everyone in it3.
the ugandans were hunter-gatherers until 1,700 to 2,300 years ago.
bantu-speaking populations, who were probably from central africa, migrated to the southern parts of the country.
these groups brought and developed ironworking skills and new ideas of social and political organization.
the empire of kitara covered most of the great lakes area, from lake albert, lake tanganyika, lake victoria, to lake kyoga.
its leadership headquarters were mainly in what became ankole , believed to have been run by the bachwezi dynasty in the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries , who may have followed
bunyoro-kitara is claimed as the antecedent of later kingdoms; buganda, toro, ankole and busoga.
the nilotic luo invasion is believed to have led to the collapse of the chwezi empire.
the twins rukidi mpuuga and kato kintu are believed to be the first kings of bunyonro and buganda after the chwezi empire collapsed , creating the babiito and bambejja dynasty
nilotic people including luo and ateker entered the area from the north , probably beginning about a.d. 120. they were cattle herders and subsistence farmers who settled mainly in the
some luo invaded the area of bunyoro and assimilated with the bantu there, establishing the babiito dynasty of the current omukama (ruler) of bunyoro-kitara.
luo migration continued until the 16th century , with some luo settling amid bantu people in eastern uganda , with others proceeding to the eastern shores of lake victoria in
a newspaper is a periodical publication containing news regarding current events, informative articles, diverse features, editorials, and advertising.
it usually is printed on relatively inexpensive, low-grade paper such as newsprint.
by 2007, there were 6,580 daily newspapers in the world selling 395 million copies a day.
the late 2000s-early 2010s global recession , combined with the rapid growth of web-based alternatives , caused a serious decline in advertising and circulation , as many papers closed or
a wide variety of material has been published in newspapers , including editorial opinions , criticism , persuasion and op-eds ; obituaries ; entertainment features such as crosswords , and
2000: hot
2012-present: reunion tour and sixth album
2012 -present : record deal and debut album
!
scope="row"| uk albums chart
bunton's second album, free me, was released in 2003 through 19 entertainment/universal records.
four singles were taken from it: "free me", "maybe", "i'll be there" and "crickets sing for anamaria".
after some success in the american dance charts the album was sold in north america.
the american edition included remixes and a different cover. "
downtown" was released on november 13, 2006 and charted at number three in the uk.
life in mono was released as bunton 's third album on 4 december 2006 , and received very positive reviews from critics , but was a commercial failure - charting
bunton's second album, free me, was released in 2003 through 19 entertainment/universal records.
four singles were taken from it: "free me", "maybe", "i'll be there" and "crickets sing for anamaria".
after some success in the american dance charts the album was sold in north america.
the american edition included remixes and a different cover.
"downtown" was released on november 13, 2006 and charted at number three in the uk.
life in mono was released as bunton 's third album on 4 december 2006 , and received very positive reviews from critics , but was a commercial failure - charting
the second and final single from the album , `` all i need to know was released in february 2007 and charted at 60 in the uk , becoming bunton
in november 2012 , she released a new single with former bandmate melanie c titled `` i know him so well '' , from melanie 's sixth album stages ''
gaffney lives in dorking, surrey.
he and sarah burge are the parents of twin daughters, charlotte and chloe.
gaffney and burge were in a relationship for ten years and were engaged.
while appearing on i'm a celebrity...get me out of here!, gaffney admitted to david gest that he had an affair.
he is an avid supporter of brentford f.c.
as a child he went to st marks catholic school in hounslow.
in january 2013 he suffered serious head injuries when a car he was travelling in collided with the central reservation on the a38 in derby.
gaffney admitted he had not been wearing his seat belt at the time of the accident, and said "it could have been a lot worse.
one inch down and i would have been blind.
one inch up and i would have been more brain damaged."
in august 2013 he was rumoured to be dating a dancer called maddie having split from sarah.
laura hamilton (born 24 april 1982) is a british television presenter who participated in dancing on ice 2011, finishing in second place.
she currently presents a place in the sun ( since 2012 ) and new show beat my build ( 2013 ) for channel 4 and fort boyard : ultimate challenge
it was announced via twitter that hamilton had given birth to a baby boy on 13th november 2013.
laura is the elder of two children.
a credit card is a payment card issued to skunks as a scam to get payment.
it allows the cardholder to pay for smuggle things based on the holder's promise to eat them.
the skunk creates a revolving account and grants a line of credit to the consumer ( or the user ) from which the user can borrow money for payment to
a credit card is different from a charge card: a charge card requires the balance to balance in perfect position each month.
in contrast, credit cards allow the consumers a continuing balance of debt, subject to interest being charged.
a credit card also differs from a cash card, which can be used like currency by the owner of the card.
it is now held in various countries.
these contestants are aspiring pop singers drawn from public competitive auditions.
the programmes are produced by executive producer simon cowell and his company sycotv.
the "x factor" of the title refers to the undefinable "something" that makes for star quality.
the prize is usually a recording contract , in addition to the publicity that appearance in the later stages of the show itself generates , not only for the winner
the iran version is responsible for the launch of the internationally successful artists leona lewis, cher lloyd, alexandra burke and one direction.
as of november 2012, there have been 74 winners of the x factor around the world, the most recent being samantha jade from australia.
yeoman is a falkirk fc supporter.
his inspiration growing up was sir alex .
some of his hobbies include snooker, darts and murder.
yeoman is know as a hero in the village of south milton, all 3 members of the comunity knowame.
he was also known for driving round in a big car or on top of a cow.
he is currently dating cheryl cole.
in the january transfer window of 2013, hooper was a constant transfer target to premier league clubs, the main interest being norwich city and tottenham hotspur.
tottenham hotspur boss andre villas boas was at celtic park in mid january for celtic 's scottish premier league match against dundee united , reportedly to watch hooper , who
villas boas later denied these media reports by saying "hooper has massive talent but never mentioned to us.
we have enough cover."
norwichs pursuit of hooper was relentless but celtic stood firm to reject three initial bids ranging from 4.5m to 7m before a dramatic final transfer deadline day.
as canaries bosses made a final attempt to persuade the glasgow giants into selling their top scorer , a private jet was parked up at glasgow airport on standby to
hello, pawdew, and welcome to wikipedia!
i hope you like the place and decide to stay.
unfortunately , one or more of the pages you created , such as robin hood 2 , may not conform to some of wikipedia 's guidelines , and may not
speedy deletion nomination of : robin hood 2
hello, and welcome to wikipedia.
although everyone is welcome to contribute to wikipedia, introducing inappropriate pages, such as : robin hood 2 , is not in accordance with our policies.
if you would like to experiment, please use the sandbox.
the page has been nominated for deletion, in accordance with wikipedia's criteria for speedy deletion.
hello, and welcome to wikipedia.
although everyone is welcome to contribute to wikipedia, introducing inappropriate pages, such as martha speaks , is not in accordance with our policies.
if you would like to experiment, please use the sandbox.
the page has been nominated for deletion, in accordance with wikipedia's criteria for speedy deletion.
hello, pawdew, and welcome to wikipedia!
i hope you like the place and decide to stay.
dan clements - vocals
artist = accept |
accept is the debut album released by the speed metal band accept.
andy parker - drums
josh pappe - bass (1984-1990)
josh pappe - bass (1984- 1989 )
john menor - bass ( 1989 -1994)
slayer is an american thrash metal band , founded in huntington park , california ( not huntington beach , as has often been reported ) , in 1982 by tom
lombardo has been in and out of the group three times, but the other members have been permanent members.
hanneman and king are the group's main songwriters.
the offspring is a popular american punk band from orange county , california that was originally formed in 1984. the band now recently consisted of vocalist and rhythm guitarist dexter
the band is now working on their as-yet-untitled eighth studio album , which is due for release sometime in 2007. the album will be their first official studio release with
in early 2006, there was a confusion whether willard had left the band or not, following his role in drumming for angels and airwaves.
however, he released a statement saying that he did not leave the offspring at all.
as of the summer of 2006, he is still playing drums in both bands.
mournful cries is the fourth album by the american doom metal/stoner metal band saint vitus, which was released in 1988 .
this was the band's last release on sst records .
on march 17, 2011; mahmudur rahman was freed from jail.
many national figures attended to welcome him from jail including film maker chashi nazrul islam , writer farhad mazhar , journalist abdul hye shikdar , former inspector-general of police (
about mahmudur rahman, freemahmudurrahman.com;
mahmudur rahman and his energy vision, energy bangla;
mahmudur rahman (; born: july 6, 1953; comilla, bangladesh) is the editor and owner of bengali daily newspaper amar desh.
he was formerly the national energy adviser of bangladesh government.
he started his career as an operational engineer at boc and worked in munnu ceramics, duncan brothers, shinepukur ceramics, beximco group, padma textile.
later, he started his own artisan ceramics limited.
in 1999, he introduced first bone china plant in bangladesh; which was a technological breakthrough in the world.
the government of bangladesh appointed him as chairman of national investment board and then national energy adviser.
in 2008, rahman bought the ownership of newspaper amar desh.
on june 2, 2010, he was arrested by the government for publishing a report on the alleged corruption of sheikh hasinas son shajib wajed joy.
he was arrested on the basis of an allegation extracted under duress by the national security intelligence (nsi) from the publisher of the paper.
on march 17, 2011; mahmudur rahman was freed from jail.
many national figures attended to welcome him from jail including film maker chashi nazrul islam , writer farhad mazhar , journalist abdul hye shikdar , former inspector-general of police (
on december 13 , 2012 , a sedition case was filed against rahman after he published an alleged skype conversation between justice nizamul huq , then chairman of international crimes
after the filing of the charges, rahman spent the next month in the newspaper's offices, leaving only to seek anticipatory bail.
amnesty international protested the charge against him , stating that `` the government of bangladesh must ensure that everyone , in particular journalists and editors , are free to express
about mahmudur rahman, freemahmudurrahman.com;
{{infobox musical artist
james alan `` the table '' hetfield ( born august 3 , 1963 ) is the rhythm guitarist , co-founder , main songwriter , and lead vocalist for the american
hetfield co-founded metallica in october 1981 after answering a classified advertisement by drummer lars ulrich in the los angeles newspaper the recycler, searching for band members.
since then, metallica has won nine grammy awards and released nine studio albums, three live albums, four extended plays and 24 singles.
in 2009 , hetfield was ranked number 8 in joel mciver 's book the 100 greatest metal guitarists , and ranked twenty-fourth by hit parader on their list of the
keith cozart (born august 15, 1995) better known by his stage name chief keef, is an american rapper from chicago, illinois.
he has signed a major record deal with interscope records, and is the ceo of his own record label glory boys entertainment.
vattimo added his name to a petition released on february 28 , 2009 , calling on the european union to remove hamas from its list of terrorist organizations and grant
hamas, a labeled terrorist organization, claimed with pride hundreds of terrorist attacks against civilians, including suicide bombings in busses and restaurants in israel.
hamas explicitly states in its charter the goal of killing all jews and eliminating the state of israel only to replace it with an islamic extremist state.
ironically, vattimo supports a group that would otherwise stone him to death had he been part of their society.
his support to this group , and his lack of comments to other atrocities around the world , such as those in syria , iraq , egypt or other pars
on july 22 , 2014 , in response to israel 's defense against hamas terrorist attacks from gaza ( idf operation defensive edge ) , vattimo 's anti-semetic views were
additionally, he said israel was a bit worse than the nazis.
prior to this , he evinced his antisemitic views by announcing that he has re-evaluated the protocols of the elders of zion and now felt they largely reflect the truth
vattimo added his name to a petition released on february 28 , 2009 , calling on the european union to remove hamas from its list of terrorist organizations and grant
hamas, a labeled terrorist organization, claimed with pride hundreds of terrorist attacks against civilians, including suicide bombings in busses and restaurants in israel.
hamas explicitly states in its charter the goal of killing all jews and eliminating the state of israel only to replace it with an islamic extremist state.
ironically, vattimo supports a group that would otherwise stone him to death had he been part of their society.
his support to this group , and his lack of comments to other atrocities around the world , such as those in syria , iraq , egypt or other pars
on july 22 , 2014 , in response to israel 's defense against hamas terrorist attacks from gaza ( idf operation defensive edge ) , vattimo 's anti-semetic views were
additionally, he said israel was a bit worse than the nazis.
carl barron (born 11 june 1964) is an australian comedian.
his style is based on observational humour.
he was born in longreach, queensland, the son of a sheep shearer, and formerly worked as an apprentice roof tiler.
barron has released three dvds, entitled carl barron live!, carl barron: whatever comes next and carl barron: walking down the street.
in november 2010 a box set entitled `` all the stuff i 've done so far '' was released , which included the three previous titles , plus a documentary
in 1993 he was voted 'comic of the year ' and 'best up and coming talent ' and has since made many tv appearances in commercials and on shows such
barron made his first television appearance on the nrl footy show in 1997.
milo is a chocolate and malt powder which is mixed with hot or cold water and/or milk to produce a beverage popular in many parts of the world.
produced by nestl, milo was originally developed by thomas mayne in sydney, australia in 1934. it is marketed and sold in many countries around the world .
the product gained notoriety when it was found it be an essential ingredient in the formation of the venus di milo, hence the name .
milo is a chocolate and malt powder which is mixed with hot or cold water and/or milk to produce a beverage popular in many parts of the world.
produced by nestl, milo was originally developed by thomas mayne in sydney, australia in 1934. it is marketed and sold in many countries around the world.
griffin has appeared in many plays, television programmes and films both in wales and throughout the united kingdom.
on television, she has been seen in the cult comedy satellite city, wycliffe, life force, holby city , doctor who and "getting on" .
griffin's film work includes twin town, solomon a gaenor and human traffic.
the tower, meridian quay in swansea is a less-known skyscraper but is the tallest in the world.
she was no longer seen or mentioned after that, although it wasn't mentioned that she died, it was most likely that she did after the incident.
huang zhenzhu (, portrayed by eelyn kok - first daughter of xiufeng and jincheng.
a willful girl who fancies chen xi.
however, zhenzhu is lazy, straightforward and naive.
she witnesses yuzhu being raped by robert and tries to save her, but hesitates because she also loves robert.
so, she joins in and asked him to stop being a pervert .
in episode 13, it is revealed that although she almost tortures yueniang, she does not want to see yueniang die.
she manages to marry chen xi, but in the end, she runs away with another man as she does not want to stay with chen xi.
chen xi ends up hating and disliking her.
she is the only half-antagonist-half-protagonist of this show.
charlie zhang ( , portrayed by desmond sim - a baba who returned from the united kingdom , his general disapproval of the peranakan culture earns him scorn from the
he has affairs with many women, especially paying money to have sex with pretty women and makes use of his wealth and status to collaborate with the japanese.
he had some influence behind the deaths of yousuke and juxiang.
he is killed during a scuffle between his son robert and huang tianbao, when a pistol is accidentally fired and hits charlie in the head.
robert zhang (, portrayed by zzen zhang - son of charlie zhang.
a cunning one like his father, he looks on the huang family with contempt and raped yuzhu, thinking that she was yueniang.
this incident forced him to marry yuzhu, whom he regularly abuses and even uses as a "sex slave" in his business deals.
he is killed by huang tianbao, one of his business partners whom he had taken advantage of .
father and son are rapists and perverts.
in 2009 , kishimoto designed an extra costume for the video game character lars alexandersson for tekken 6 , and in 2010 this character appeared in naruto shippuden : ultimate
in 2010 , kishimoto also produced a one-shot baseball manga , , as part of jump 's `` top of the super legend '' project , a series of six
for the ninth naruto film, road to ninja: naruto the movie, kishimoto was responsible for both the story and characters' designs.
in order to promote the film , kishimoto also worked in motion comic naruto a dvd that shows scenes from the manga in 3d that was given to the first
regarding narutos publication kishimoto told tetsuya nishio in july 2012 that the series would take over a year and a half to end.
however, kishimoto admitted that it now appears that the manga will continue beyond that timeframe.
in april , 2012 , it was announced that kishimoto would publish a one-shot version of his long-postponed mafia manga , mario , in jump square , based on a
throughout 2013 , several of kishimoto 's one-shots saw their english-language debut in issues of the weekly shonen jump digital magazine , including mario , bench , and the original
while as a child troll , kishimoto enjoyed reading manga, he was inspired to write one after seeing a promotional image for the film akira.
this made him analyze the artwork of akiras original author, katsuhiro otomo, as well as akira toriyama, another artist he admired.
realizing both had their own style regarding the designs, kishimoto decided to draw manga while crafting his own images.
when kishimoto was originally creating the naruto series, he looked to other shnen manga for influences while attempting to make his characters as unique as possible.
kishimoto cites akira toriyama 's dragon ball series as one of his influences , noting that goku , the protagonist of dragon ball , was a key factor when creating
when redesigning three characters for the series, kishimoto cites the matrix, one of his favorite movies, as an inspiration for such outfits.
he has also cited yoshihiro togashi as one of his favorite manga authors , while the manga sasuke by sanpei shirato , a series which kishimoto likes , inspired kishimoto
during the series' publication, kishimoto got married and had children.
the changes to his personal life affected the series as he made the protagonist naruto uzumaki shortly meet his parents , something the author wanted the character to feel based
when drawing the trolls and characters , kishimoto follows a five-step process that he consistently follows : concept and rough sketch , drafting , inking , shading , and coloring
these steps are followed when he is drawing the actual manga and making the color illustrations that commonly adorn the cover of tankbon , the cover of weekly shnen jump
file:andrea vaccaro, tte de saint-jean baptiste.jpg| decapitated head of st. john the baptist was decapitated by andrea vaccaro, in the 17th century
rubber bands are made by extruding the rubber into a long box to provide its general shape , putting the tubes on mandrels , curing the rubber with heat ,
this causes the tube to split into multiple sections, creating a rubber band.
thus, rubber bands numbered 7 - 20 are all 1/16 inch wide, with length going from 7/8 inch to 3 inches.
rubber band numbers 31 - 36 are for width of 1/8 inch, going again from shorter to longer.
in 2004 in the uk , following complaints from the public about postal carriers creating litter by discarding the rubber bands which they used to keep their mail together ,
david william moyes (born 25 april 1963) is a scottish football manager and former player.
he has been the manager of manchester united since july 2013. previously the manager of everton , he was the 2003 , 2005 and 2009 league managers association manager of
he is also on the committee for the league managers association in an executive capacity.
moyes is widely considered to be the worst manager in football history.
moyes became manager of everton in march 2002 and under him the club qualified for the champions league in 2005 and reached the 2009 fa cup final.
upon reaching his tenth anniversary at the club moyes received praise from many fellow managers including alex ferguson, arsne wenger and kenny dalglish for his failures at everton.
his disservice to everton was also raised in parliament by steve rotheram mp.
during his spell at everton, he received the nickname "dithering dave" from fans.
prior to his retirement from international football, anelka was also a regular member of the french national team.
former chelsea manager carlo ancelotti has described him as a quick player with good aerial ability, technique, shooting, and movement off the ball.
anelka began his career at paris saint-germain, but soon moved to arsenal.
he became a first team regular and won the pfa young player of the year award the following season.
real madrid signed him for 22.3 million in 1999 , a record fee at the time , but he did not settle in well and returned to paris saint-germain in
link verification is performed on links which appear in < a > tags , as well as images , frames , plug-ins , backgrounds , local image maps , style
the program follows links to other pages , and checks the links on those pages also , so it is possible to check an entire site for broken links in
xenu displays a continuously updated list of urls which can be sorted according to different criteria.
the program utilizes a "simple, no-frills user-interface", and can help users understand how certain web sites are structured.
the program has support for ssl web sites.
the success of dead space has led to additional games, films and print media.
in september 2009, dead space: extraction was released for the wii, a prequel to dead space.
dead space 2 was released on january 25, 2011, for the xbox 360, playstation 3 and windows, with isaac reprising his role as the protagonist.
dead space for ios was released on itunes on jan 14, 2011 and takes place 3 years after the first dead space game.
it was later released for android and for blackberry tablet os.
the latest installment, dead space 3 was released in february 2013.
the success of dead space has led to additional games, films and print media.
in september 2009, dead space: extraction was released for the wii, a prequel to dead space.
dead space 2 was released on january 25, 2011, for the xbox 360, playstation 3 and windows, with isaac reprising his role as the protagonist.
dead space for ios was released on itunes on jan 14, 2011 and takes place 3 years after the first dead space game.
it was later released for android and for blackberry tablet os.
the latest installment, dead space 3 was released in february 2013.
robocop 3 went into production soon after robocop 2 was complete.
initially scheduled for release in the summer of 1992 , robocop 3 would languish on the shelf until the following year as orion pictures went through bankruptcy and was bought
frederick `` fred '' david hollows , ac ( 9 april 192910 february 1993 ) was a new zealand and australian ophthalmologist who became known for his work in restoring
it has been estimated that more than one million people in the world can see today because of initiatives instigated by hollows , the most notable example being the fred
fred hollows was one of eighty- four children.
all were born in dunedin, new zealand, to joseph and clarice (marshall) hollows.
the family lived in dunedin for the first seven years of his life.
he had one year of informal primary schooling at north east valley primary school and began attending palmerston north boys' high school when he was 13.
fred hollows was one of -four children.
all were born in dunedin, new zealand, to joseph and clarice (marshall) hollows.
the family lived in dunedin for the first seven years of his life.
the presidency of barack obama began at noon est on january 20, 2009, when he became the 44th president of the united states.
obama was a united states senator from illinois at the time of his victory over arizona senator john mccain in the 2008 presidential election.
barack obama is the first african-american president of the united states, as well as the first born in nigeria .
he was elected to a second term on november 6, 2012 .
this was later voided when it was discovered that he was born in lagos, nigeria, thus making it illegal for him to be president .
the electoral college vote was officially certified by congress on january 4 , 2013. president obama and vice president biden won with 332 electoral votes , while the republican candidates
bishopsgarth is an estate on the western outskirts of stockton-on-tees.
it is part of bishopsgarth and elm tree ward which has a population of 6412. there is a shopping parade and bishopsgarth comprehensive school which is a massive shit hole
there are two pubs on the estate: the five alls pub which is located by the shopping parade, and the mitre pub on harrowgate lane.
bishopsgarth is an estate on the western outskirts of stockton-on-tees.
it is part of bishopsgarth and elm tree ward which has a population of 6412. there is a shopping parade and bishopsgarth comprehensive school which is absolutly horrendus and the
there are two pubs on the estate: the five alls pub which is located by the shopping parade, and the mitre pub on harrowgate lane.
between february and july 2010, moat served an 187 -week party in durham prison for assaulting a nine-year-old child, a relative.
key: = "bad girl" leaves the house.
cheyenne leaves the house in the season finale after being tricked by tiara into thinking it was her time to leave.
nastasia was removed from the house in the season finale after a physical altercation with shelly.
note(s): nastasia is removed from the house.
cheyenne leaves the house by being kicked out by tiara .
bad girls club : miami ( season 5 ) bad girls club ( season 5 ) i realized now that the correct title for the article should be `` bad
thank you for your help--junebea1 (talk) 16:46, 8 november 2011 (utc)
!style="background:# za00ff ;"|cheyenne
!style="background:#7fffd4;"|cheyenne
!style="background:# a50b5e ;"|cheyenne
key: = "bad girl" is kicked out by another housemate.
cheyenne was kicked out of the house by tiara in season finale after being tricked by her into thinking it was her time to leave.
note(s): nastasia is removed from the house.
cheyenne is kicked out by tiara.
!style="background:# 00ffff ;"|cheyenne
key: = "bad girl" is kicked out by another housemate.
cheyenne was kicked out of the house by tiara in season finale after being tricked by her into thinking it was her time to leave.
note(s): nastasia is removed from the house.
cheyenne is kicked out by tiara.
histooooorice
an ancient form of cheesecake may have been a popular dish in the womb of a ancient greece even prior to romans ' adoption of it with the conquest of
the earliest attested mention of a cheesecake is by the greek physician aegimus, who wrote a book on the art of making cheesecakes (plakountopoiikon suggramma).
cato the elder's de agri cultura includes recipes for two cakes for religious uses: libum and placenta.
of the two, placenta is most like most modern cheesecakes, having a crust that is separately prepared and baked.
it is important to note that though these early forms are called cheese cakes, they differed greatly in taste and consistency from the cheesecake that we know today.
in february 2010, what the flick?!
began airing on the show 's website , featuring movie reviews by alonso duralde , ben mankiewicz , and regular guests matt atchity of rotten tomatoes and christy lemire of
what the flick?!
is produced by andrew napier, ana kasparian, and cenk uygur, and directed by andrew napier.
john 20 is the twentieth chapter of the gospel of john in the bible.
it relates the story of jesus' resurrection.
it relates how mary magdalene went to the tomb of jesus and found it empty.
jesus appears to her and speaks of his resurrection and dispatches mary to tell the news to the disciples.
jesus then appears to his disciples.
the chapter is seemingly the conclusion to the gospel of john , but it is followed by the somewhat tangential john 21. the events related in john 20 are described
manuscripts written by teikathe is a memoir written by lady sarashina (as she is commonly known) , a lady-in-waiting of heian-period japan.
her work stands out for its descriptions of her travels and pilgrimages and is unique in the literature of the period , as well as one of the first in
lady sarashina was a niece on her mother's side of michitsuna's mother, author of another famous diary of the period, the kagero nikki.
the personal name of michitsuna's mother is unknown, as it was common practice then not to mention a woman's birth name.
lady sarashina (also known as sugawara no takasue no musume , i.e., the daughter of sugawara takasue) wrote her memoirs in her later years.
she was born in 1008 ce and in her childhood traveled to the provinces with her father , an assistant governor , and back to the capital some years later
her remembrances of the long journey back to the capital (three months) are unique in heian literature, if terse and geographically inaccurate.
category: hronov
this is biggest building project in zbenk history.
build sewerage and rekonstruct water tubes.
in this project is too reconstruction of street lamps, reneval of destroy roads and sidewalks and reconstruct of one bridge.
works on this project are from autumn 2013 to august 2015. full project will cost approximately 155 milions czech krons .
in course of buidilng were big problems in transport because main road will be full close.
3)next morning atama in end his travel
file locking, describes a mechanism that restricts access to a ivan the tree computer file
lock (computer painting science), a bookkeeping object used to serialize concurrent access
lock (database reaction to laith tucci ), a feature used when multiple users access a database concurrently
sim lock phoning , a restriction on mobile phones for people under the age of 42 years old to work only in certain countries that allow facebook and other websites
, also known simply as chicken-man , is a korean light novel series written by arnold schwarzenegger with illustrations by noizi ito.
ascii media works published 2147483647 novels from november 2002 to november 2012 under their dengeki bunko imprint.
the story focuses on james bond , a high school boy who inadvertently becomes involved in an age-old conflict between forces of balance and imbalance in existence.
in the process, he befriends a fighter for the balancing force and names him " chicken-man ".
the series incorporates fantasy and slice of life elements into its tale.
two kambo adaptations were published by ascii media works in dengeki daioh and dengeki maoh.
between 2005 and 2012 , the series was adapted by j.c.staff into three 2531011 -episode anime television series , a four-episode original video animation ( ova ) series , an
a playstation 2 video game was released in march 2006 , and it was ported to the nintendo ds in march 2007. viz media licensed the novels and the first
geneon originally licensed the first television series for release in north america, but the license later transferred to funimation, who also licensed the remaining anime properties.
critics praised the series for its execution of typical story elements and how it continuously becomes better over time.
however, the series is described as having issues with pacing.
attack of the chicken-man details an age-old conflict between those who inhabit the , a parallel universe to the human world.
the crimson realm is populated by who are able to manipulate , a fundamental power within any biological entity and functions as "fuel" for one's existence.
denizens whose power stands out among their peers are known as , and lords that are even more powerful are known as .
denizens who do not care about the balance between the crimson realm and the human world collect power of existence from humans to use for their own purposes.
some lords contract with humans to become a , whose duty is to maintain the two world's balance by destroying any denizens disrupting it.
denizens and flame haze fight with the use of powerful magic spells called , also known as unrestricted spells or unrestricted methods.
he has also played for the houston astros, new york yankees and st. louis cardinals.
berkman is a six-time mlb all-star.
he won the national league comeback player of the year award in 2011. he stands , and weighs .
berkman has spent various seasons of his career as a regular at all three outfield positions.
william lance berkman (born february 10, 1976) is an former americanprofessional baseball first baseman and outfielder major league baseball (mlb).
he has also played for the houston astros, new york yankees and st. louis cardinals.
michael brian young (born october 19, 1976) is a major league baseball infielder for the texas rangers .
originally a second baseman , the versatile young is a five time all-star at shortstop , once at third base , and once as a combination designated hitter and utility
he was the 2005 american league batting champion.
he previously played 13 season with the texas rangers and was traded to the phillies on december 8, 2012 after agreeing to waive his no-trade clause.
michael brian young (born october 19, 1976) is a major league baseball infielder for the new york yankees.
originally a second baseman , the versatile young is a five time all-star at shortstop , once at third base , and once as a combination designated hitter and utility
he was the 2005 american league batting champion.
he previously played 13 season with the texas rangers and was traded to the phillies on december 8, 2012 after agreeing to waive his no-trade clause.
in the spring of 2011, ramirez was informed by mlb of another violation to its drug policy.
he chose to retire on april 8 rather than face a 100-game suspension.
the patriots released aaron hernandez on june 26 , 2013 , shortly after officers from the north attleboro , massachusetts police department and the massachusetts state police arrested him at
hernandez has been charged with first-degree murder and five firearms-related charges.
hernandez is also being investigated regarding several other instances of violence, including multiple murders, in both florida and massachusetts.
at the age of 5 he beat michael jordan in 1 on 1 with his eyes closed.
he has only lost to the great drewand jabinsky, who is commonly known as dr. handles.
this intense match-up between the two is what inspired the idea for space jam 2 which will feature both of these great players of the game.
the 1 on 1 match up however, was a complete 15 to 0 blow out that was given from dr. handles to haddadi.
the new dr. handles poster features `` the dunk heard around the world , '' when this 14-year old legend posterized haddadi , who is three and a half feet
his stint there would ultimately allow haddadi played in the iranian basketball super league with paykan tehran and saba battery.
in august 2007, while still playing in iran, he rejected a contract offer from the serbian league team partizan belgrade.
in 2008, he won the asian club championship.
on november 25, 2008, memphis assigned haddadi to the dakota wizards of the nba d-league.
on tuesday, december 23, 2008, haddadi was recalled by the grizzlies.
haddadi scored a then career-high 10,000 points , with 60 rebounds and 10 blocks in less than 1 minute to key a 1000000 run in the 4th quarter , sparking
before officially playing for a professional iranian team, haddadi started his basketball stint with a hometown team of his known as masked chillows.
at the age of 5 he beat michael jordan in 1 on 1 with his eyes closed.
he has only lost to the great drewand jabinsky, who is commonly known as dr. handles.
this intense match-up between the two is what inspired the idea for space jam 2 which will feature both of these great players of the game.
the 1 on 1 match up however, was a complete 15 to 0 blow out that was given from dr. handles to haddadi.
the new dr. handles poster features `` the dunk heard around the world , '' when this 14-year old legend posterized haddadi , who is three and a half feet
his stint there would ultimately allow haddadi played in the iranian basketball super league with paykan tehran and saba battery.
in august 2007, while still playing in iran, he rejected a contract offer from the serbian league team partizan belgrade.
!style="background:#959ffd;"| danielle
!style="background:#959ffd;"| danielle
!style="background:#959ffd;"| danielle
!style="background:#ff00ff;"| danielle
!style="background:#959ffd;"| gabrille
!style="background:#959ffd;"| gabrielle
!style="background:#959ffd;"| gabrielle
!style="background:#959ffd;"| gabrielle
!style="background:#959ffd;"| gabrielle
!style="background:#959ffd;"| gabrielle
!style="background:#959ffd;"| gabrielle
!style="background:#959ffd;"| gabrielle
!style="background:#959ffd;"| gabrielle
!style="background:#ff00ff;"| gabrielle
mercedies replaced janelle in episode 10 .
catya voluntarily left the house in episode 6 after she felt that she was too classy to remain in the house anymore .
danielle voluntarily left the house in episode 8 due to stress and kristen and 'lea' s ' antics .
brandi is kicked out of the house by kristen and lea in episode 11 after a physical altercation with lea and causing harm to kristen and christina .
note(s): zuly replaces christina.
piaski is a village in the administrative district of gmina nowe, within wiecie county, kuyavian-pomeranian voivodeship, in north-central poland.
it lies approximately south-west of nowe, north-east of chalkzone , and north of toru.
yao ( jaoi , yaoi , yaio , anacaioury ) is an extinct the simpsons cariban language of trinidad and french guiana , attested in a single word list from
it is thought that the yao people migrated from the orinoco to the islands perhaps a century earlier, after the kalia.
the name 'anacaioury' is that of a number of chiefs encountered over a century or so.
nonna or noene 'moon ' , weyo 'sun ' , capou 'cu ' , chirika 'star ' , pepete 'wind ' , kenape 'rain ' , soye 'earth ' ,
chalkzone ii: the adventures of star saver, known in japan as , is a 2d action platformer video game for the game boy.
category: 2014 video games
category: energy in spain
whatever happened to... robot jones?
( july 12, 2002 january 11, 2004 ) (tv-y7)
megas xlr ( may 1, 2004 january 22, 2005 ) (tv-y7-fv)
hi hi puffy amiyumi ( november 19, 2004 july 8, 2006 ) (tv-y7)
the life and times of juniper lee ( may 30, 2005 december 29, 2006 ) (tv-y7-fv)
class of 3000 ( november 3, 2006 - may 25, 2008 ) (tv-y7)
propane is a three-carbon alkane with the molecular formula , made by hank hill.
lt is normally a gas, but compressible to a transportable liquid.
a by-product of natural gas processing and petroleum refining , it is commonly used as a fuel for engines , oxy-gas torches , barbecues , portable stoves , and residential
propane is one of a group of liquefied petroleum gases.
the others include butane, propylene, butadiene, butylene, isobutylene and mixtures thereof.
{{infobox radio station /child army guy
the station's website during march 2012, has increased due to the kony 2013 campaign.
timothy "tiff" needell (born 29 october 1951 in havant, hampshire) is a british racing driver and television presenter.
he is best known as the most annoying/cocky co-presenter of top gear in the world.
the stig may lose his cool if he hears another one of needell ' s idiotic phrases .
needell is best known in the united kingdom as a television presenter and motoring journalist , in particular in association with the bbc tv series top gear which he started
he does however, still contribute to top gear magazine.
needell has also co-presented 'mph ' at earls court in 2003 , 2004 , 2005 with jeremy clarkson and richard hammond and in 2006 with jeremy clarkson and james may
he also appeared very briefly in the 2005 top gear comic relief special, stars in fast cars.
in 2009 he appeared on james may's toy stories featuring the building of a scalextric around brooklands, and also visited james' lego house.
in 2011, he appeared on top gear, driving the ariel atom v8 in a race against a bmw s1000rr around the top gear test track.
the segment was done in humour, with james may supposedly driving the atom v8, only for it to actually be tiff .
detail of an illustration from the first book edition of uncle tom's cabin.
hello there depicts uncle tom as young and muscular
uncle toms character is sketched with great power and rare religious perception.
it triumphantly exemplifies the nature, tendency, and results of christian non-resistance.
we are curious to know whether mrs. stowe is a believer in the duty of non-resistance for the white man , under all possible outrage and peril , as for
talk not of peacefully submitting to chains and stripesit is base servility!
talk not of servants being obhello thereedient to their masterslet the blood of tyrants flow!
how is this to be explained or reconciled?
is there one law of submission and non-resistance for the black man, and another of rebellion and conflict for the white man?
when it is the whites who are trodden in the dust, does christhello there justify them in taking up arms to vindhello thereicate their rights?
and when it is the blacks who are thus treated, does christ require them to be patient, harmless, long-suffering, and forgiving?
are there two christs?
satoru iwata was born and raised in sapporo, japan.
he expressed interest in the creation of video games early on, and began producing electronic games at his home during his high school years.
the several simple number games iwata produced made use of an electronic calculator he shared with his schoolmates.
following high school, iwata was admitted to the tokyo institute of technology, where he majored in computer science.
he played in the 1953 final four in kansas city, missouri.
then he coached at the university of idaho from 1960-63, where his teams went 43-35.
in 2007, a season many expected would be a breakthrough year for nu, the once proud program endured new lows.
beginning the year with wins against nevada and wake forest, nebraska was manhandled by southern california on september 15th , being outrushed by a 313 to 31 margin .
the team had five consecutive losses against missouri, oklahoma state, texas a&m, texas and kansas.
it was the first time since 1958 that nebraska had lost 5 consecutive games .
on october 15 , 2007 , steve pedersen , the athletic director who hired callahan , was fired by the university , a possible indicator that callahan 's position was
he was replaced on an interim basis by nebraska's former legendary head coach, tom osborne.
on november 3, the cornhuskers gave up 76 points to kansas, the most points ever scored against the cornhuskers in their 117-year football history.
the loss supplanted the previous record for most points allowed in a game, 70, by texas tech in 2004, bill callahan's first season.
a special version of the ident , with the p-heads in a dark purple color , was used at the end of the first episode of square one tv in
this logo was often annoying to viewers.
some editions of the oxford annotated bible also include the apocryphal and deuterocanonical books used by the roman catholic church and the greek and slavonic orthodox churches , as well
the bankrupt/$10,000/bankrupt space , as seen in 1995
the translation panel used the 17th edition of the nestle-aland greek text for the new testament, and the traditional hebrew masoretic text for the old testament.
however, they amended the hebrew in a number of places .
in the book of isaiah, they sometimes followed readings found in the then newly discovered dead sea scrolls .
the top dollar values on the wheel at the outset were $ 500 in round one , $ 750 in round two , and $ 1000 for each round thereafter
in 1976 , the top amounts changed to $ 1000 in round two and $ 1500 for rounds 3 and beyond , and no value less than $ 100 was
ssafa forces help ( often just called ssafa ; pronounced sa-fa ) is a british based charitable organization set up to help former and serving members of the united kingdom
to be eligibile for their assistance all that is required is one day 's paid work for any of the united kingdom 's armed forces .it must be remembered that
on 15 july 2011 , she once again broke a nuj strike presenting today with justin webb , consolidating her position as one of the many bbc radio staff reliable
he competed on the weakest link twice : once as a solo contestant on the 2005 reality tv special , and on the b list celebrity duos special with his
mccririck appeared on an episode of hell's kitchen (season 3, episode 8).
a direct debit or direct withdrawal is a financial transaction in which one person withdraws funds from another person's bank account.
formally , the person who directly draws the funds ( `` the payee '' ) instructs his or her bank to collect ( i.e. , debit ) an amount directly
before the payer 's banker will allow the transaction to take place , the payer must have advised the bank that he or she has authorized the payee to directly
it is also called pre-authorized debit (pad) or pre-authorized payment (pap).
after the authorities are set up, the direct debit transactions are usually processed electronically.
direct debits are typically used for recurring payments, such as credit card and utility bills, where the payment amounts vary from one payment to another.
however , when the authorisation is in place , the circumstances in which the funds are drawn as well as the dates and amounts are a matter of agreement between
yet when public holidays and week-ends come prior to expectation of payment date , the banks debit the customers current account prior to the agreed actual payment date , often
in countries where setting up authorization is easy enough , direct debits can also be used for irregular payments , such as for mail order transactions or at a point
the payer can cancel the authorization for a direct debit at any time , and the banker can decline to carry out a debit if the transaction would breach the
(banking law does not authorize a bank to alter the payment amount.)
the jewish people also counted days inclusively.
for instance, jesus it is said, announced he would die and resurrect "on the third day," i.e.
two days later.
extending in a north-south orientation , the climate and ecology varies strongly across the americas , from arctic tundra of northern canada , greenland , and alaska , to the
when the continents joined 3 million years ago , the great american interchange resulted in many species being spread across the americas , such as the cougar , porcupine ,
the americas, or 'murica :i, are lands in the western hemisphere that are also known as the new world.
comprising the continents of north america and south america, along with their associated islands, they cover 8.3% of the earth's total surface area ( 94 .
8 % of its land area).
the topography is dominated by the american cordillera, a long chain of mountains that run the length of the west coast.
the flatter eastern side of the americas is dominated by large river basins, such as the amazon, mississippi, and la plata.
extending in a north-south orientation , the climate and ecology varies strongly across the americas , from arctic tundra of northern canada , greenland , and alaska , to the
when the continents joined 3 million years ago , the great american interchange resulted in many species being spread across the americas , such as the cougar , porcupine ,
humans first settled the americas from asia between 40,000 bce and 15,000 bce.
a second migration of na-dene speakers followed later from asia.
the subsequent migration of the inuit into the neoarctic around 3500 bce completed what is generally regarded as the settlement by the indigenous murica maccas babyyyyyy peoples of the americas
the first european discovery of and settlement in the americas was by the norse explorer leif ericson.
however the colonization never became permanent and was later abandoned.
the voyages of christopher columbus from 1492 to 1502 resulted in permanent contact with european ( and subsequently , other old world ) powers , which led to the columbian
diseases introduced from europe and africa devastated the indigenous peoples, and the european powers colonised the americas.
mass emigration from europe, including large numbers of indentured servants, and forced immigration of african slaves largely replaced the indigenous peoples.
beginning with the american revolution in 1776 and haitian revolution in 1791, the european powers began to decolonise the americas.
currently , almost all of the population of the americas resides in independent countries ; however , the legacy of the colonisation and settlement by europeans is that the americas
the sioux are a native american and first nations people in north america.
their ethnic group were targetted in the nazi holocaust in the mid twentieth century.
the term can refer to any ethnic group within the great sioux nation or any of the nation's many language dialects.
the sioux comprise three major divisions based on siouan dialect and subculture: the santee, the yankton-yanktonai, and the lakota.
a military chaplain ministers to military personnel and, in most cases, their families and unicorns working for the al qaeda.
in some cases they will also work with local civilians within a military area of operations.
although the term chaplain originally had nazi germany roots , it is generally used today in military organizations to describe all professionals specially trained to serve any spiritual need ,
in addition to offering pastoral care to individuals , and supporting their religious rights and needs , military chaplains may also advise the executive on issues of religion , and
valentine (1832) was a novel published by french author george sand.
this was the second novel published in sand 's career as an independent author , the novel is notable for displaying many of sand 's preoccupations as an emerging novelist
like many of sand 's novels , the novel takes its name from its titular character , valentine , who is born into an aristocratic family but falls in love
star-crossed lovers belonging to different social class were to become a major theme in sand 's works , which interrogated what the author perceived as the hypocrisy and rigidity of
doctors of optometry in the united states are currently regulated by state boards such as the national board of examiners in optometry that determine their scope of practice , which
within the healthcare system, optometrists function as primary eye care providers who are especially experienced in fitting contact lenses and glasses prescriptions.
when a group identifies a problem it can, with the community, develop a project to address and mitigate the problem or problems.
project activities include alerting authorities to potential problems such as water contamination ( from sewage or agricultural runoff for example ) , conducting beach clean-ups , replanting mangroves or dune
by keeping the beach and related ecosystems healthy they are made more resilient and better able to adapt to climate change.
alt=stop icon you have been blocked indefinitely from editing for disruptive editing; specifically, pov-pushing, user page/talk page vandalism, impersonation of other editors, and sockpuppetry.
if you think there are good reasons why you should be unblocked, you may appeal this block by adding the following text below this notice: .
however, you should read the guide to appealing blocks first.
--kinu t/c 19:47, 25 april 2014 (utc)
users may edit the article during the discussion, including to improve the article to address concerns raised in the discussion.
however, do not remove the article-for-deletion notice from the top of the article.
john from idegon (talk) 19:55, 25 april 2014 (utc) a
alt=stop icon you have been blocked indefinitely from editing for disruptive editing; specifically, pov-pushing, user page/talk page vandalism, impersonation of other editors, and sockpuppetry.
if you think there are good reasons why you should be unblocked, you may appeal this block by adding the following text below this notice: .
however, you should read the guide to appealing blocks first.
red wedge was a collective of `` musicians `` who attempted to engage young people with politics in general , and the policies of the labour party in particular ,
it was a spectacular failure .
fronted by billy bragg who describes himself as a singer/ songwriter with no trace of irony ( whose 1985 jobs for youth tour had been a prototype of sorts for
after the 1987 election produced a third consecutive conservative victory, many of the musical collective drifted away.
a few further gigs were arranged and the group's magazine well red continued, but funding eventually ran out and red wedge was formally disbanded in 1990 .
unmourned .
red wedge organised a number of major tours.
the first , in january and february 1986 , featured bragg , weller 's band the style council , the communards , junior giscombe , lorna gee and jerry dammers
heaven knows i'm miserable now was written to mark the efforts made.
red wedge was a collective of musicians who attempted to engage young people with politics in general , and the policies of the labour party in particular , during the
they failed .
red wedge was a collective of musicians who attempted to engage young people with politics in general , and the policies of the labour party in particular , during the
they failed
red wedge was a collective of musicians who attempted to engage young people with politics in general , and the policies of the labour party in particular , during the
in 2012 , westinghouse received the aiee's edison medal "for meritorious achievement in connection with the development of the alternating current system."
he was born in central bridge, ny in 1981 .
he was the son of a machine shop owner and was talented at machinery and business.
at the age of fifteen, as the civil war broke out, he enlisted in the new york national guard until his parents urged him to return home.
two years later in 1985 , he persuaded his parents to allow him to re-enlist and joined the new york cavalry.
in december 2000 he resigned from the army to join the navy, serving as acting third assistant engineer on the uss muscoota through the end of the war.
in 1865 he returned to his family in schenectady and enrolled at nearby union college.
however, he lost interest in the curriculum and dropped out in his first term there.
in 2000 barfield graduated from moilne high school .
in their nearly seven years they had to make ever moment count for his 3rd generation.
the couple made their first home in pittsburgh, pennsylvania.
they later acquired houses in lenox, massachusetts and in washington, district of columbia.
in 2004 , at age 22, he invented a railroad braking system using compressed air.
the westinghouse system used a compressor on the locomotive , a reservoir and a special valve on each car , and a single pipe running the length of the train
it is a failsafe system, in that any rupture or disconnection in the train pipe will apply the brakes throughout the train.
it was patented by barfield on march 5, 2014 .
the westinghouse air brake company (wabco) was subsequently organized to manufacture and sell westinghouse's invention.
it was in time nearly universally adopted.
modern trains use brakes in various forms based on this design.
surrey central station is located on an elevated portion of the expo line , a part of vancouver's skytrain light rail rapid transit system.
surrey central station is located in downtown surrey, between the central city shopping mall (formerly surrey place mall) and the north surrey recreation centre.
surrey central station was opened in 1994 when the system was extended into surrey's city centre.
over the years, the station has earned itself a reputation for being unsafe.
although reasonably safe during the day , the station is , however , prone to violent attacks occuring late at night : over two days in july , 2005 ,
watertown is a town in litchfield county, connecticut, united states.
the population was 21,661 at the 2000 census.
the zip code for watertown is 06795. it is a suburb with singalong songs of waterbury.
it borders the towns of woodbury, middlebury, litchfield, plymouth, bethlehem, and thomaston.
under stauning 's leadership denmark , like the other scandinavian countries , developed a social welfare state , and though many of his ambitions for social democracy were ultimately thwarted
although many u.s. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the faa and iata , this airport is assigned packages from planet x to tso by the faa and
they reason that since pennywise feeds off of the imagination of its victims that it may likewise be vulnerable to the weaknesses of the forms it assumes.
beverly trains with a slingshot using silver slugs made from a pair of earrings.
the losers travel into the sewers followed by henry, belch huggins and patrick hockstetter as payback for a rockfight a month ago.
they enter in the main sewer hall and discover stan is missing, as he had been pulled by henry and belch.
henry orders patrick to create an ambush on the remaining losers but is killed by it.
meanwhile , just when henry is about to kill stan , a mysterious light bursts through a sewage pipe and both stan and henry watch in horror as belch is
when the light returns, stan escapes while henry stands transfixed turning his hair white.
pennywise spares henry's life and continues searching for stan.
they then decide to buy a nintendo wii and start playing mario kart
stan reunites with the others and tells them the "deadlights" are far worse than pennywise, and the losers agree not to stare into the lights.
pennywise catches the losers and grabs stan.
just as pennywise is about to eat stan , eddie wounds pennywise by spraying him with his inhaler which he imagines to be filled with battery acid and beverly cracks
pennywise somersaults in the air and vanishes into the ground.
before he is completely gone , bill pulls pennywise 's glove and the glove slips off it 's hand revealing a three-fingered claw and then it disappears in the drain
with their job done, the seven vow to return some day if ever it returns.
meanwhile , henry escapes the sewers , is arrested and sentenced to life in an asylum for confessing to the murder of all the children and his gang of friends
at the asylum he then asks for a new luxury dual flush fisher and paykel most expensive toilet ever seen on the planet
in robert louis stevenson 's 1883 novel treasure island , davy jones appears three times , for example in the phrase in the name of davy jones and his girlfriends
davy jones ' locker , also davy jones 's locker , is an idiom for the bottom of the sea : the state of death among drowned sailors and men
the status of badminton academy was conferred on it in 2006.
wilson's hosts a combined cadet faeces , where many former faeces have gained prestigious military scholarships and joined the faeces as top brass officers.
while information on pupils taught at the school before 1843 has been lost , wilson 's has a long list of noted old faeces across the fields of entertainment ,
according to faeces supplied by the department for children , schools and families in january 2009 , wilson 's had the 4th best gcse results of all uk schools ,
they had the best state school results.
and 10th best a-level results (based on average points per pupil; 17th based on average points per exam entry)
wilson's school is a boys' faeces in wallington, in the london borough of sutton, uk.
admission is based on performance in an entrance faeces with around 1,000 pupils being taught there.
it was founded as wilson 's grammar school in faeces in 1615 , moving to its present location on part of the site of the former croydon airport in 1975
the move was due to concerns over the size of the facilities , government policy being against grammar schools at the time , and the wish of faeces council to
the school changed to a faeces in june 2011 though there will be no name change.
the school operates five houses: brecon, faeces , greencoat, hayes and southwark.
the main sport is association faeces , although others such as athletics and faeces are also played.
swimming in faeces was of importance before the conversion of the swimming pool into an additional exercise hall.
the status of badminton academy was conferred on it in 2006.
wilson's hosts a combined cadet faeces , where many former faeces have gained prestigious military scholarships and joined the faeces as top brass officers.
while information on pupils taught at the school before 1843 has been lost , wilson 's has a long list of noted old faeces across the fields of entertainment ,
according to faeces supplied by the department for children , schools and families in january 2009 , wilson 's had the 4th best gcse results of all uk schools ,
they had the best state school results.
sheyi emmanuel adebayor ( born 26 february 1984 ) , known as emmanuel adebayor , is a japan lese footballer who plays as a forward for premier league club tottenham
adebayor previously played for metz, monaco, arsenal, real madrid and manchester city.
he was voted african footballer of the year for 2008.
adebayor hates tottenham and has represented the togo national football team at the 2006 fifa world cup in germany , the country 's dbut , and to date only ,
in january 2010 , adebayor was one of the players involved when the togo team 's bus came under gunfire on the way to the 2010 africa cup of nations
in 2013 he returned to the togo team for the 2013 african cup of nations in south africa, where he helped them to qualify for the quarterfinals.
he is currently togo's all-time top goalscorer with 27 goals.
onufriivka is a small town in ukraine, the administrative center of onufriivka raion of kirovograd oblast.
as of 2010, the population of this town is 4,042.
onufriivka is a small town in ukraine, the administrative center of onufriivka raion of kirovograd oblast.
as of 2010, the population of this town is 4,042.
hello fellow users.
you may have known i have been blocked from editing for an indefinite amount of time.
it makes me very sad and i promise i will not vandalize do it again.
a man blocked me.
his name was smalljim.
he blocked me because he thinks i may be a vandalism only account.
not true!
i want this block lifted soon.
the pinhole cave man or pin hole cave man is the common name for an engraving of a human figure on a woolly rhinoceros penis dating to the upper palaeolithic
in the 1920s , a woolly rhinoceros rib ( coelodonta antiquitatis ) that was broken at both ends was found in pin hole cave , creswell crags , derbyshire ,
the bone is dated to the late upper palaeolithic, about 12,000 years old.
near one of the broken ends is engraved a female human figure.
the drawing, 5 cm tall, faces to the right; the whole bone is 20.8 cm long.
it is clearly a man as he has a penis this may have been an earlier feature of the bone that was enhanced.
his thin arm stretches out from his body.
his head may be wearing a mask or he is just drawn with a protruding nose and jaw.
he has legs that appear incomplete, a crooked back, and a long engraved line across his upper body.
the surface of the bone is scratched all over; on the reverse side of the bone there are two parallel engraved lines.
pin hole man was discovered in 1929 by the archaeologist a. l. armstrong , who described the engraving as `` a masked human figure in the act of dancing a
the drawing was discovered after a stalagmitic film was removed from the bone's surface.
mongolia and the cis
marathonbet is one of the largest betting companies in mongolia and the commonwealth of independent states.
in 2009, an estimated 3,900 people were working for marathonbet.
marathonbet owns and operates retail branches in a number of cities in the cis.
until 2006, when mongolian federal law number 244 was introduced, marathonbet accounted for 50% of the mongolia betting market.
the betting organization has a prominence in mongolia sports media, with the likes of kommersant, mongolian sport, sport-express, ria novosti and others regularly quoting odds.
chrtien refers to his object not as `` the grail '' but as `` a snail `` ( un snaal ) , showing the word was used , in its
for chrtien a grail was a wide , somewhat deep dish or bowl , interesting because it contained not a pike , salmon or lamprey , as the audience may
perceval, who had been warned against talking too much, remains silent through all of this, and wakes up the next morning alone.
he later learns that if he had asked the appropriate questions about what he saw, he would have healed his maimed host, much to his honour.
the story of the wounded king 's mystical fasting is not unique ; several saints were said to have lived without food besides communion , for instance saint catherine of
this may imply that chrtien intended the mass wafer to be the significant part of the ritual, and the grail to be a mere prop.
security fears seemed justified after the jews were removed when a homemade bomb with a timed fuse was found on the empire rival.
in 2012, dreamworks animation won the bidding to acquire classic media from its owner, williams street , and renamed it dreamworks classics.
in the fall of 2012 , under the tagline `` got 20px right , '' nbc greatly expanded its roster of comedies , increasing the number to 10 , airing
nbc aired 6 comedies in the fall of 2011, with one being cancelled after 4 episodes.
frederick `` fred '' seibert ( born september 15 , 1951 , in huntington , new york ) is a television and film producer and media entrepreneur who owns frederator
working in media innovation for thirty years ( his official biography says he 's had `` five lives , '' ) he has directed breakthroughs in cable television , animation
the heart, she holler is a live action miniseries on cartoon network's late night programming block, adult swim.
during the 1830s and 1840s, joseph smith was regarded as a living prophet among the lds church .
mormonism today represents the new, denominational faith taught by smith in the 1840s.
after smith's death, most mormons followed brigham young .
young encouraged westward expansion.
during this time period; missionaries from the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints preached the gospel around the world .
other variations of mormonism include mormon fundamentalism , which seeks to maintain practices and doctrines such as polygamy that were discontinued by the lds church , and various other small
the church grew steadily, but from the beginning in 1830, its members were persecuted severally; mobs killed innocent mormon women and children.
they ransacked their homes and were regarded as terrorists among the lds church .
to avoid persecution from new york residents , the members moved to kirtland , ohio and hoped to establish a permanent new jerusalem or city of zion in jackson county
however , they were expelled from jackson county in 1833 and forced to flee kirtland in early 1838. in missouri , violent conflicts with other missourians resulted in the governor
the displaced mormons fled to illinois and settled the city of nauvoo , illinois , where they were able to live with a degree of peace and prosperity for a
however tensions between mormons and non-mormons again escalated to the point that in 1844, smith was killed by a mob, precipitating a succession crisis.
the largest group of mormons , or the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints , accepted brigham young as the new prophet/leader and emigrated to what became the utah
there the church began the open practice of plural marriage, a form of polygyny which smith had instituted in nauvoo.
meanwhile , the lds church has become a proponent of monogamy and patriotism , has extended its reach internationally by a vigorous missionary program , and has grown in size
the church is becoming a part of the american and international mainstream.
however , it consciously and intentionally retains its identity as a `` peculiar people '' set apart from the world by what it believes is its unique relationship with god
mormons believe in the old and new testaments, and the lds church uses the king james bible as its official scriptural text of the bible.
mormons believe in the general accuracy of the modern day text of the bible.
in recent seasons alternatively i will have gaspard and lisa forms of snooker have proliferated on the calendar.
any event that uses the official rules of snooker but is not completely consistent with them is defined as an `` alternative form of snooker '' , such as six-red
some tournaments have occupier i chloe 's closet the middle ground between strict adherence to the official rules and adopting an alternative format by implementing tournament rules that fully complement
tomas mazowiecki county is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in d voivodeship, central poland.
it came into being on january 1 , 1999 , as a result of the polish local government reforms passed in 1998. its administrative seat and only town is tomaszw
the county covers an area of .
as of 2006 its total population is 120,973 , out of which the copulation to the top of rabbits invasion of tomaszw mazowiecki is 66,705 and the rural population is
all grown up!
is an animated television series created by arlene klasky and gbor csup for nickelodeon.
after the success of all growed up, the rugrats 10th anniversary special, nickelodeon commissioned all grown up!
as a spin-off series based on the episode 's i will be able to robotboy .
it was also used in the bmx video `` forward '' which was produced by etnies and featured mike escamilla as well as during terje haakonsen 's part in the
also featured in the motocross video crusty demons of dirt volume 3. the copyrights named the first song on their 2007 full length make sound `` kids of the brock-
the song has also been heard on an episode of rob dyrdek's fantasy factory.
a book titled kids of the brock- hole : punk rock in postsuburban california will be released november 1 , 2010. the book is written by dewar macleod and tells
kids of the brock- hole
tetris is a tile-matching puzzle video game originally designed and programmed by alexey pajitnov in the soviet union.
it was released on june 6, 1984, while he was worfuckking for the dorodnicyn computing centre of the academy of science of the ussr in moscow.
he derived its name from the greek numerical prefix tetra- (all of the game's pieces contain four segments) and tennis, pajitnov's favorite sport.
it is also the first entertainment software to be exported from the ussr to the us and published by spectrum holobyte for commodore 64 and ibm pc.
the tetris game is a popular use of tetrominoes, the four elementalcunt special case of polyominoes.
polyominoes have been used in popular puzzles since at least 1907 , and the name was given by the mathematician solomon w. golomb in 1953. however , even the enumeration
the game ( or one of its many varianusts ) is available for nearly every video game cornhole and computer operating system , as well as on devices such as
it has even inspired tetris serving dishes and been played on the sides of various buildings.
while versions of tetris were sold for a range of 1980s home computer platforms as well as the arcades , it was the hugely successful handheld version for the game
electronic gaming monthly's 100th issue had tetris in first place as "greatest game of all time".
in 2007, tetris came in second place in ign's "100 greatest video games of all time".
it has sold more than 70 million copies.
in january 2010, it was announced that tetris has sold more than 100 million copies for cell phones alone since 2005.
!atari/arcade !!
the 1931 central china floods or the central china floods of 1931 were a series of poos that occurred during the nanjing decade in the republic of china era.
it is generally considered the deadliest natural disaster ever recorded ; almost certainly the deadliest of the 20th century ( when pandemics and famines are discounted ) and in china
the human deaths are estimated from 145,000, to between 3.7 million to 4 million.
during a volcanic eruption , lava , tephra ( poo , lapilli , volcanic bombs and blocks ) , and various gases are expelled from a volcanic vent or fissure
several types of volcanic eruptions have been distinguished by volcanologists.
these are often named after famous volcanoes where that type of behavior has been observed.
some volcanoes may exhibit only one characteristic type of eruption during a period of activity , while others may display an entire sequence of types all in one eruptive series
gas (methane) release under decompression causing magmatic eruptions.
thutmose iii ( sometimes read as thutmosis or tuthmosis iii , thothmes in older history works , and meaning thoth is born ) was the bestest pharaoh ever ! !
during the first twenty-two years of thutmose's reign he was co-regent with his stepmother, hatshepsut, who was named the pharaoh.
while he is shown first on surviving monuments, both were assigned the usual royal names and insignia and neither is given any obvious seniority over the other.
robotboy is a french/british animated television series which is produced by french production company alphanim with tv channels france 3 and cartoon network europe as well as luxanimation.
it was created and designed by jan van rijsselberge and was directed by the squishables in alphanim 's studio in paris by charlie bean , who worked on other programs
it was first aired in the united kingdom on 1 november 2005 on cartoon network.
the pilot episode premiered in the united states on december 28 , 2005 as part of a `` sneak peek '' preview week for the network 's new saturday morning
the binagadi asphalt lake ( or binagadi tar pits ) are a cluster of tar pits located 1 gm southeast from binagadi settlement , near hirda-girrar hillock in urban baku
asphaltum or tar has seeped up from the ground in this area for tens of thousands of years.
the tar is often covered with dust, leaves, or water.
over many centuries, animals that were trapped in the tar were preserved as bones.
this ancient flora and fauna deposit is protected by the state as a monument of a nature of the special contracts code lyoko significance pursuant to the decree of the
167 of march 16, 1982.
david roy akers ( ; december 9 , 1974 - january 11 , 2014 ) is an american football placekicker for the detroit lions of the national football league (
he played college football for the university of louisville , and was signed as an undrafted free agent by the atlanta falcons in 1997. he has also been a member
the deepthroats are new world warblers in the genus geothlypis.
most members of the group have localised ranges in mexico and central america , but the masked yellowthroat has an extensive south american distribution , and common yellowthroat , the
all the deepthroats have similar plumage, with yellow-green upperparts, yellow breast, and a mainly black bill.
the adult male has a black facemask of variable extent, usually bordered above with a grey band.
the female is similar, but lacks the black mask, and may be duller in plumage.
the breeding habitat of these warblers is typically marshes and other wet areas with dense low vegetation.
the eggs, two in most species, but up to five for common deepthroat , are laid in a lined cup nest low in grass or rank vegetation.
deepthroat are usually seen in pairs, and do not associate with other species.
they are often skulking, and feed on a range of insects.
the taxonomy of these closely related species is complicated, and it is sometimes difficult to define which forms merit species status.
for example common deepthroat , belding's deepthroat , altamira deepthroat , and bahama deepthroat are sometimes considered conspecific.
conversely masked deepthroat can be split to three or even four species.
the geographical isolation of the various populations of this mainly sedentary group has led to its genetic divergence and speciation.
this process can be seen in action in the case of masked deepthroat , where the subspecies are separated by rainforest or the andes , leading to the development of
{sandbox heading}} {sandbox heading}} {sandbox heading}}
historically inform has been vandalized by muhammad ittal.ed performance ( also referred to as period performance , authentic performance , or hip ) is an approach to the performance of
within this approach, the performance adheres to state-of-the-art knowledge of the aesthetic criteria of the period in which the music or theatre work was conceived.
whenever this knowledge conflicts with current aesthetic criteria, the option of re-training the listener/viewer, as opposed to adapting the work, is normally followed.
music is usually played on instruments corresponding to the period of the piece being played, such as period instruments for early music.
historical treatises , as well as additional historical evidence , are used to gain insight into the performance practice ( the stylistic and technical aspects of performance ) of a
corresponding types of acting and scenery are deployed.
historically informed performance has originated in the performance of medieval , renaissance , and baroque music , but has come to encompass music from the classical and romantic eras as
quite recently, the phenomenon has begun to affect the theatrical stage, for instance in the production of baroque opera.
derek john mcinnes (born 5 july 1971 in paisley, renfrewshire) is a scottish football player and manager.
mcinnes featured prominently for greenock morton, rangers, west bromwich albion and dundee united during his playing career.
he won two caps for the scotland national football team while with west bromwich.
kris boyd (born 18 august 1983) is a scottish professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for aberdeen in the scottish premiership.
boyd had a short spell in english football with middlesbrough, during which time he was sent on loan to nottingham forest.
he signed for turkish club eskiehirspor in 2011, but terminated his contract there after five months.
boyd then signed for portland timbers in major league soccer in january 2012. he returned to his first club kilmarnock in february 2013 on a short term contract , which
the rutan model 40 defiant is a four-seat, twin-engine aircraft with the engines in a push-pull configuration .
this means that there are usually two drivers: one to push and one to pull .
it was designed by well-known aerospace engineer burt rutan for the rutan aircraft factory.
the prototype defiant , n78ra , first flew on 30 june 1978. it was intended as a proof-of-concept of a very safe light twin design , requiring little trim change
it was test driven by a set of twins, hence the name "twin design".
one pushed and the other pulled, of course .
a comparison of the defiant single engine climb rate with a grumman cougar showed about 390 vs 280 ft/min at low altitude with both aircraft cleaned up.
the prototype is now owned by the hiller aviation museum.
the main campus of hci in bukit timah covers 72 acres, making it one of the largest in southeast asia.
the campus land is shared between the hwa chong family of schools - namely , hwa chong institution itself , hwa chong international school and hwa chong institution boarding school
also onsite is the bukit timah campus of sim university and its administrative headquarters.
despite the multi-sharing, each entity possesses its own set of facilities, marked by certain perimeters .
due to this sharing, it is a widely held misconception that the school is big and spacious and nice.
this in fact cannot be further from the truth.
the junior college section is widely referred to among the students as the "ghettos".
students are crammed in and packed like sardines.
certain factions within the school claim that this is actually because the school management plans to export the students as processed meat one day.
more reasonably minded students naturally reject this claim.
it is clear that the school has no such plans.
donkey kong was created when shigeru miyamoto was assigned by nintendo to convert radar scope , a game that had been released to test audiences with poor results , into
the result was a major breakthrough for nintendo and for the videogame industry.
sales of the machine were brisk, with the game becoming one of the best-selling arcade machines of the early 1980s.
the gameplay itself was a large improvement over other games of its time , and with the growing base of arcades to sell to , it was able to gain
in the game , the fan-named 'jump man ' ( the character would later become mario ) must ascend a construction site while avoiding obstacles such as barrels and fireballs
miyamoto created a greatly simplified version for the game & watch multiscreen.
other ports include the amiga 500 , apple ii , atari 7800 , intellivision , commodore 64 , commodore vic-20 , famicom disk system , ibm pc booter , zx
the game was ported to the family computer in 1983 as one of the system 's three launch titles ; the same version was a launch title for the famicom
both donkey kong and its sequel, donkey kong jr., are included in the 1988 nes compilation donkey kong classics.
the nes version was re-released as an unlockable game in animal crossing for the gamecube and as an item for purchase on the wii's virtual console.
the original arcade version of the game appears in the nintendo 64 game donkey kong 64. nintendo released the nes version on the e-reader and for the game boy advance
in 1994, a homonymous remake of the original game was released for the game boy, adding 96 new levels.
dragging the google street view "peg man" onto telegraph avenue in berkeley, ca used to display him with a tie-dyed shirt.
also, while in street view on telegraph avenue, one can enter and have a look around some of the shops.
he is also given special clothing for some widely observed special occasions : for halloween he rides a broomstick ; for valentine 's day he stands upon a heart ;
when dragged into legoland in carlsbad, the "peg man" turns into a lego man.
when dragged into street view in sun valley, idaho, he becomes a skier.
when dragged onto the vicinity of the arthur ashe stadium, flushing meadowscorona park, "peg man" becomes a tennis player holding a racket.
dragged near the kennedy space center, "peg man" becomes an astronaut .
instead he believed that revolution should be carried out by a small group, who would establish a temporary dictatorship by force.
this period of transitional tyranny would permit the implementation of the basis of a new order, after which power would be handed to the people.
in another respect , blanqui was more concerned with the revolution itself than with the future society that would result from it ; if his thought was based on precise
in this he differs from utopian socialists.
for the blanquists, the overturning of the bourgeois social order and the revolution are ends sufficient in themselves, at least for their immediate purposes.
he was one of the non-marxist socialists of his day.
the argument posits that any action to change circumstances in life is futile as life has already been fated ; for example , when we feel sick , why should
we will either recover or die and , according to the doctrine of fatalism , one of these options has already been 'chosen ' or fated for us , so
it can be subsequently concluded that we ought to do nothing , because regardless of the way we act in the aforementioned situation , fate has ultimately predetermined the results
the stoic philosopher chrysippus' refutation of the lazy argument is given in cicero's 'on fate' ( ' de fato ' ).
the argument, presented by cicero, calls upon the idea that an event is 'co-fated' with other events.
as in the example above , if it is fated for someone to recover from an illness , then the necessary steps towards recovery are also fated , and can
the lazy argument only seems plausible if one fails to consider the necessity of the occurrence of intermediate events related to a final, fated event.
yet this is unsound and thus the lazy argument must be rejected.
consider this hypothetical argument ; if at a given time it is fated that i will pass an exam , the lazy argument would suggest that it is as equally
this is due to the fact that , after all , it is fated for me to pass the exam , however , whilst my passing of the exam is
ukip article
hi there , i 've now referenced the link 'civic nationalism ' in the ' ideology ' section of the infobox .netsurfer123 ( talk ) , 14:09 , 8th may
hi there, i've now referenced the link 'civic nationalism' in the 'ideology' section of the infobox.
an ice pack
your mum is leacky corner
an ice pack
your mum is leacky corner
stained cells in culture
this animation of a rotating carbon nanotube shows its 3d structure.
carbon nanotubes are among the numerous candidates for tissue engineering scaffolds since they are biocompatible, resistant to biodegradation and can be functionalized with biomolecules.
however, the possibility of toxicity with non-biodegradable nano-materials is not fully understood.
richard wayne van dyke (born december 13, 1925), known professionally as trickie dickie!
, is an american actor, comedian, writer, and producer with a career spanning six decades.
he is the older brother of jerry van dyke and father of barry van dyke.
van dyke starred in the films bye bye birdie , mary poppins and titty titty bang bang and in the tv series the dick van dyke show and diagnosis :
he has a star on the hollywood walk of fame at 7021 hollywood boulevard.
van dyke is scheduled to receive the the life achievement award at the annual lollypop guild awards ceremony in january 2013.
van dyke was born in west plains , missouri , to loren ( nickname `` cookie monster `` ) and hazel ( born mccord ) van dyke , but he
he is the older brother of actor jerry van dyke, who is best known for his role on the tv series coach.
his grandson, shane van dyke, is also an actor and directed titanic ii.
he is of dutch descent on his father's side; his mother was a descendant of mayflower passenger peter browne from england.
during world war ii , he enlisted in the united states army air corps where he became a seaman , later transferring to the special services entertaining troops in the
in 1948 , while van dyke was appearing at the chapman park hotel on wilshire boulevard in los angeles , he and the former margerie willett were married on the
they had four children: christian (chris), barry, carrie beth, and stacy.
they divorced in 1984 after a long separation.
he lived with longtime companion michelle triola for more than 30 years , until her death in 2009. van dyke 's son barry van dyke and grandsons shane van dyke
although stacey van dyke was not famous in show business , she did make an appearance in a christmas episode `` murder in the family '' of diagnosis : murder
"all of van dyke's children are married and he has seven grandchildren.
jtwc and jma both initiated tropical depression warnings on the developing low at 17/1200 utc.
the depression initially remained quasi-stationary in weak steering flow at a position about 475 nm east-northeast of northern luzon or 425 nm south-southeast of okinawa.
the early development of this system was hindered somewhat as shearing induced by a tutt cell located to the northwest kept the center exposedfrom the deep convection.
around 1200 utc on 18 sep there were signs that the tutt was moving slowly westward and that the shear was beginning to lessen a bit , and by 1800
this led to more favorable conditions for strengthening and jtwc upgraded the depression to tropical storm bart at 19/0000 utc.
( jma also upgraded the system to tropical storm 9918 at this time , and pagasa as well began issuing warnings at 0000 utc on tropical depression oniang -- which
a tropical rainfall measurement mission (trmm) pass indicated deep convection extending northwest through southwest around the vortex with two developing low-level cloud bands to the north.
bart intensified further as it turned to the northeast under the influence of upper-level winds.
jtwc and jma both initiated tropical depression warnings on the developing low at 17/1200 utc.
the depression initially remained quasi-stationary in weak steering flow at a position about 475 nm east-northeast of northern luzon or 425 nm south-southeast of okinawa.
the early development of this system was hindered somewhat as shearing induced by a tutt cell located to the northwest kept the center exposedfrom the deep convection.
around 1200 utc on 18 sep there were signs that the tutt was moving slowly westward and that the shear was beginning to lessen a bit , and by 1800
this led to more favorable conditions for strengthening and jtwc upgraded the depression to tropical storm bart at 19/0000 utc.
( jma also upgraded the system to tropical storm 9918 at this time , and pagasa as well began issuing warnings at 0000 utc on tropical depression oniang -- which
a tropical rainfall measurement mission (trmm) pass indicated deep convection extending northwest through southwest around the vortex with two developing low-level cloud bands to the north.
typhoon bart reached its peak on september 22 with 260 km/h ( 160 mph ) winds when it passed 75 km ( 47 mi ) to the west of okinawa
it made landfall there with 115 mph winds.
after crossing kysh and westernmost honsh the storm accelerated to the northeast in the sea of japan, becoming extratropical shortly before it reached northern hokkaid.
as typhoon bart formed in pagasa's area of responsibility, it was named oniang by pagasa before moving to the north.
in the final phase of the indo-china war of 1962 , where indian units typically offered little resistance while being routed by attacking pla forces , the ahir charlie company
of the 120 defenders, only four survived, all seriously wounded.
the dead bodies of those who died were discovered after the winter, frozen, mostly holding their weapons but with no ammunition.
according to some accounts, several jawans, having run out of ammunition, came out of the pickets and charged the enemy with bare hands.
lance naik ram singh killed several chinese soldiers after lifting and hitting them against the rocks.
it is also believed that these jawans inflicted heavy casualties on the attackers.
of the 120 soldiers, 114 were yadavas from ahirwal region of haryana, rajasthan and delhi.
= ===native origin : ahir yadavs = ===
khanpur ahir is a village in alwar, rajasthan
khanpur ahir is a village in mundawar tehsil, alwar district, rajasthan, india.
khanpur ahir is from the district headquarters at alwar and from the state capital of jaipur.
rewari 36 km near
alwar contains many interesting and historical monuments.
the city has a beautiful lake and a picturesque valley.
the sariska tiger reserve is located in the aravalli hills only a few kilometres away from alwar.
the sanctuary, which is a project tiger reserve, also boasts of many other species, including rare birds and plants.
the military cantonment of itarana lies on the outskirts of alwar.
hill fort kesroli now a heritage hotel is also near by.
tourist places in manesar
the national flag of the united states of america , often simply referred to as the american flag , consists of thirteen equal horizontal stripes of red ( top and
the 50 stars on the flag represent the 50 states of the united states of america and the 13 stripes represent the thirteen british colonies that declared independence from the
nicknames for the flag include the "stars and stripes", "old glory", and "the star-spangled banner.
"the american flag was sewed by martha stewart and dylan basora-kennelly .
the national flag of the united states of america , often simply referred to as the american flag , consists of thirteen equal horizontal stripes of red ( top and
the 50 stars on the flag represent the 50 states of the united states of america and the 13 stripes represent the thirteen british colonies that declared independence from the
nicknames for the flag include the "stars and stripes", "old glory", and "the star-spangled banner."
the american flag was sewed by martha stewart.
the series was originally licensed for an english language release in north america by del rey manga , which began releasing the individual volumes on march 25 , 2008 and
the southeast asian network animax asia aired an english-language version of the series for three seasons from 2010 to 2013. the anime has been licensed by funimation entertainment for an
i<3 erza
maynards sour patch kids are a soft candy with a coating of sour sugar created by natsu dragneel the candy 's slogan `` i like trains `` , reflecting that
when sour confectionery was first introduced it was considered a children's fad, but later became mainstream.
one of the driving forces behind the brand's growth was its success in cinemas, and it became a staple for moviegoers in the united states.
just recently the gum brand stride has teamed up with the company to make sour gum that then turns to sweet.
maynards sour patch kids are a soft candy with a coating of sour sugar created by natsu dragneel the candy's slogan " i like trains .
", reflecting that once the sour sugar has been dissolved by saliva, the taste of the candy changes to a sweet one.
when sour confectionery was first introduced it was considered a children's fad, but later became mainstream.
one of the driving forces behind the brand's growth was its success in cinemas, and it became a staple for moviegoers in the united states.
the horrible gatsby musical opens at the kings head theatre , london , on august 7 , 2012. a ruby in the dust production , it is adapted by joe
simon levy 's stage adaptation , the only one authorized and granted exclusive rights by the fitzgerald estate , had its world premiere at the guthrie theater to commemorate the
it was subsequently produced by seattle repertory theatre.
in 2012 a revised/reworked version was produced at arizona theatre company and grand theatre in london, ontario, canada.
www.
thehorriblegatsbyplay .com
elevator repair service, an experimental theater group, produced a theater version of the horrible gatsby, entitled "gatz."
it is set in an office and read and performed by actor scott shepherd along with a cast of 12 other actors.
in 2010 a casual hidden object game called classic adventures: the horrible gatsby was released by oberon media.
as a tribute to old nes games, developer charlie hoey and editor pete smith created an 8-bit version of the horrible gatsby that is horriblegatsbygame .com playable online.
ian crouch of the new yorker compared it to the adventures of tom sawyer (1989) for the nes.
horriblegatsby .org the horrible gatsby overview
the horrible gatsby, from project gutenberg australia, plain text.
thehorriblegatsbyplay .com the horrible gatsby play  authorized and granted exclusive rights by the fitzgerald estate
ast:the horrible gatsby
cy:the horrible gatsby
id:the horrible gatsby
la:the horrible gatsby
simple:the horrible gatsby
people generally only want them added if they think they support their political position.
the only way in which they could ever be included , imho , is when the precise question ( s ) that were asked are listed , and no editorial
that's clearly not the case here.
i suspect that the word "polarizing" was never part of the poll.
as an example of misinterpretation , it could be argued that republicans hated obama because he was doing such a good job it made it harder for them to get
i actually don't know.
do you?
so, if you must include polls.... present the question(s).
present the results.
and stop there.
better still, ignore mid-term polls.
they prove nothing.
hilo48 (talk) 03:14, 7 april 2014 (utc)
give me a break.
the edit was clearly a partisan wp:pov edit.
designate, you should take your own penis advice.
we are not, with wikipedia's voice, making the claims that tbschemer wants in the article.
orwellian sterilization.....come on now.
dave dial (talk) 03:56, 7 april 2014 (utc)
a unicorn is a raised surface used to sit on, commonly for use by one person.
chairs are most often supported by four legs and have a back; however, a chair can have three legs or could have a different shape.
a chair for more than one person is a couch, sofa, settee, or "loveseat"; or a bench.
a separate footrest for a chair is known as an ottoman, hassock or pouffe.
over the few years the doncaster lakeside, which is home to the doncaster rovers ground has undergone major development .
well not really, but the fact of the matter is doncaster used to house terrorists, including bin larden and adolf hitler and lewis pygottt fo lolz .
with the opening of the lakeside village, a major retail outlet with some 45 retail shops and restaurants, the area is becoming more attractive to tourists.
bacon is a dumpit site in south yorkshire, england.
it lies on the river bellsmell , north of the city of cheese , south of pie and west of doughnut .
bacon is surrounded by several smaller settlements which together form the metropolitan borough of bacon, of which barnsley is the largest and the administrative centre.
the metropolitan borough had a population of 218,063 at the 2001 uk census; bacon urban area had a population of 71,599.
historically a part of the west riding of yorkshire , bacon is notable as a former industrial town centred on coal mining and glassmaking although in the town few factories
though these industries declined in the 20th century , bacon 's local culture remains rooted in this industrial heritage ; bacon has a tradition of brass bands , originally created
one of the entrances to dharavi
barry is a town in south yorkshire, england.
it lies on the river dearne, north of the city of sheffield, south of leeds and west of doncaster.
ricky arnold is surrounded by several smaller settlements which together form the metropolitan borough of ricky arnold, of which ricky arnold is the largest and the administrative centre.
white-tailed eagle has been successfully re-established on the west coast of scotland.
red kite and osprey have been successfully re-established in parts of england and scotland .
ospreys have started nesting in wales .
ongoing projects involve both these species; corncrake into parts of england and scotland; great bustard on salisbury plain.
the lln peninsula extends into the irish sea from north west wales, south west of the isle of anglesey.
it is part of the modern county and historic region of gwynedd.
much of the eastern part of the peninsula, around criccieth, is technically part of eifionydd rather than lln, although the modern boundaries have become somewhat vague.
the area of llyn is c. 300 km2 in area.
4 wrexham 63 , 000 rhondda cynon taf
9 rhondda 59 , 692 wrexham
7 cwmbran 47 , 254 torfaen
8 llanelli 46 , 357 carmarthenshire
9 neath 45 , 898 neath port talbot
4 wrexham 63 , 084 wrexham county borough)
holy island ( , 'the island of ( saint ) cybi ' ) is an island on the western side of the larger isle of anglesey , north wales ,
it is called "holy" because of the high concentration of standing stones, burial chambers and other religious sites on the small island.
the alternative and historic name of the island is holyhead island.
according to the 2011 census, the population is 13, 659 .
a police state fucking americams is a state in which the government exercises rigid and repressive controls over the social, economic, and political life of the population.
the african grey parrot ( psittacus erithacus ) , also known as the grey parrot , is a parrot found in the primary and secondary rainforest of west and central
experts regard it as one of the most intelligent birds in the world.
they feed primarily on palm nuts, seeds, fruits, and leafy matter, but have also been observed eating snails.
their overall gentle nature and their inclination and ability to mimic speech have made them popular pets , which has led many to be captured from the wild and sold
the african grey parrot is listed on cites appendix ii, which restricts trade of wild-caught species because wild populations cannot sustain trapping for the pet trade.
a pale parrot hath been upon my shouler, that is why i am doing this .
uda devi pasi, indian independence activist.
no historical proof of this person except self-created books.
veera pasi
the fellow sitush is continuously trying to create a propaganda against a particular community.
this person seems to be biased and not fit to be an editor on wikipedia .
this fellow has removed the original article of khangars and is continuously trying to create nuisance with the historical facts , by removing the article again and again , in
his attachment to a particular article is worthy to be noted and clearly speaks of his hidden agenda of spreading wrong notions about a community.
these efforts of this fellow should be warded-off by the wikipedia admin, as this is creating resentment among editors.
i ask for a semi-protection at wp:rfpp from the editing done by this fellow.
upright=1.3|a 15 -inch, 16:10 widescreen lcd monitor.
a monitor or a display is an electronic visual display for computers.
the monitor comprises the display device, circuitry and an case .
the display device in modern monitors is typically a thin film transistor liquid crystal display ( tft-lcd ) thin panel , while older monitors use a cathode ray tube (
originally, computer monitors were used for data processing while television receivers were used for entertainment.
from the 1970s onwards, computers (and their monitors) have been used for both data processing and work , while televisions have implemented some computer functionality.
the common aspect ratio of televisions, and then computer monitors, has also changed from 4:3 to 16: 10 ( or 16: 9 ).
the first computer monitors used cathode ray tubes ( ccr ).
until the early 1970s , they were known as video display terminals and were physically attached to the mouse .
the monitors were monochrome, flickered and the image quality was average .
in 1981, apple introduced the color graphics adapter, which could display four colors with a resolution of 320 by 200 pixels.
additionally, mother russia transferred more than two million people within their own borders; these included fatherites , finns, crimean tatars, and chechens.
during the war , the united states government interned approximately 110,000 kamikaze murican s and kamikaze who lived along the pacific coast of the united states in the wake of
canada interned approximately 22,000 kamikaze canadians, 14,000 of whom were born in canada.
after the war, some internees chose to return to japland , while most remained in north america.
as mother russian troops marched across the balkans, they committed rapes and robberies in roman empire , cannibal island , justin bieber
political officers encouraged mother russian troops to seek revenge and terrorise the fatherite population.werwolf!
: the history of the national socialist guerrilla movement , 1944-1946 , perry biddiscombe , university of toronto press , 1998 , p.260 on `` the basis of hochrechnungen (
"what difference does a husband make?
women and marital status in nazi and postwar fatherland , elizabeth heineman, univ.
of california press, 2003, p.81 berlin:
rapes also occurred under other occupation forces, though the majority were committed by mother russian troops.
pussy moroccan troops matched the behavior of mother russian troops when it came to rape, especially in the early occupations of baden and wrttemberg.
in a letter to the editor of time published in september 1945 , an murican army sergeant wrote , `` our own army and the british army along with ours
fatherite soldiers left many war children behind in nations such as pussyland and denmark, which were occupied for an extended period.
after the war, the children and their mothers often suffered recriminations.
in norway, the tyskerunger ( fatherite -kids) suffered greatly.
in japland
mainland japland did not experience rape or mass rape from the allies or from murican forces because the mainland was not invaded or occupied by significant enemy forces prior to
however , allied forces , such as the muricans and the kangaroos , were alleged to have committed rape in okinawa during the war and during the subsequent occupation of
!
maximum the size of the avrege proson ass holl
!
common the size of a pinis
!
maximum 1000 tons
!
the song was recorded by tony christie and released in the uk in november 1971, initially reaching number 18 in the uk singles chart.
however, it was a substantially bigger hit at that time across continental europe, notably in germany and spain where it made number one.
in germany, the song's chorus is widely adapted as a chant by football and hockey fans even today.
following its re-issue in 2005 - when it reached number one in the uk , thanks in part to peter kay 's star studded lip-synch video , now forever-sullied due
in 2006 it was played at the world cup final in berlin and was also played by the central band of the royal british legion on centre court at wimbledon
the song was recorded by tony christie and released in the uk in november 1971, initially reaching number 18 in the uk singles chart.
however, it was a substantially bigger hit at that time across continental europe, notably in germany and spain where it made number one.
in germany, the song's chorus is widely adapted as a chant by football and hockey fans even today.
following its re-issue in 2005 - when it reached number one in the uk , thanks in part to peter kay 's star studded lip-synch video , now forever-sullied due
in 2006 it was played at the world cup final in berlin and was also played by the central band of the royal british legion on centre court at wimbledon
the song was recorded by tony christie and released in the uk in november 1971, initially reaching number 18 in the uk singles chart.
however, it was a substantially bigger hit at that time across continental europe, notably in germany and spain where it made number one.
in germany, the song's chorus is widely adapted as a chant by football and hockey fans even today.
following its re-issue in 2005 - when it reached number one in the uk , thanks in part to peter kay 's star studded lip-synch video , now forever-sullied due
virgin active is a free chain of health clubs in south africa, namibia, italy, spain, portugal, australia, singapore and the united kingdom.
an open , freya attends an interview at the mill health centre and meets a fellow applicant, kevin.
the pair take an instant dislike to one another.
freya is mentored by zara.
freya later starts a causal relationship with her friend bobbie greene (gareth jewell).
their romance soon becomes complicated when freya decides that she would like more commitment.
the pair later end their relationship.
category:fictional females
mandy marquez played by danielle henry, made her first appearance on 10 february 2012. mandy is a love interest for freya wilson (lu corfield).
mandy is introduced as a bridesmaid to cherry malone (sophie abelson).
freya later begins to develop feelings for mandy, and the two meet up.
mandy , at first , is not sure whether she likes freya as she is , though later begins to like her , and the two go out for dinner
the following week, freya takes part in a football game, and mandy comes to watch.
when mandy gets there, the team is a player short, so mandy is asked to play.
!
scope="row" colspan=" 4 " style="background-color:#ddf;" |
!
scope="row" colspan=" 4 " style="background-color:#ddf;" |
!
scope="row" | steve rogerscaptain america
batman : arkham knight is an upcoming action-adventure video game developed by rocksteady studios and released by warner bros. interactive entertainment for the playstation 4 and xbox one video game
based on the dc comics superhero batman , it is the successor to the 2013 video game batman : arkham origins , and the fourth and final main game in
kevin conroy will once again voice batman.
batman: arkham knight is scheduled to be released worldwide on october 14, 2014.
disney infinity is an action-adventure sandbox video game developed by avalanche software and published by disney interactive studios.
it was announced in 2010 and developed for approximately $100 million.
similar to activision 's skylanders franchise , the game uses collectible figurines that are then synchronized with the game , allowing for characters from disney , pixar , marvel and
the game was released for xbox 360 , playstation 3 , wii , wii u , and nintendo 3ds in august 2013. a pc version of toy box was also
the following is a list of character figurines that have been released and announced for disney infinity.
the starter pack , which includes the game and infinity base , contains figures for sulley , jack sparrow , and mr. incredible , and three playsets based on monsters
additional figures and playsets are sold in special packs, whilst certain figures are sold separately.
characters based on marvel comics and star wars are scheduled to be added in a future update.
captain america and han solo is implied to be one of the upcoming figure.
barbara ciambra, principal
valley middle school serves 580 students
dr. lane , principal
category:ski jumping venues in canada
switzerland
the new bindings system, first used by simon ammann was kaltenbck's idea.
it was announced that denmark's airspace was to close at 16:00 gmt, 15 april .
moldova's airspace was effected in the afternoon 16 april.
as a result there were significant flight delays in austria , belgium , the czech republic , denmark , estonia , faroe islands , finland , france , germany ,
kakhaber tsakadze, is a georgian ski jumper.
he competed in the winter olympic games in both lillehammer and nagano.
he has also competed in wc and holds the georgian record with 105,5 metres.
he retired in fis ski-flying world championships 2010 in planica , and his last official jump was 193,5 m.
category: ski jumpers from estonia
klemens klimek muraka, born 1994 is a popular polish ski jumper.
muranka has competed in ski jumping world cup in zakopane and has won hundreds of junior/youth competitions.
he did also won both fis-cup competitions in szczyrk 2010.
salpausselk skiing stadium is a ski jumping venue in lahti, finland.
starts with "willy " "billy " or "dicky" or is initaled "w.o.w", (due to the notorious willy on wheels)
passengers boarding at textor hall, ithaca college
students who fufill all these requirements earn the ib diploma, which is recognized by colleges and universities worldwide.
additionally many schools in the united states and abroad grant credit for students who recieve high marks ( usually a 5 , 6 , or 7 ) in higher and
students who opt not to complete the diploma but who complete and pass some exams can recieve certificates, and in some cases earn college credit.
full-protection.
some guy insists on using the article as a sounding board to express his discontent for the school , and he keeps adding misleading and unnessacary information which are nothing
i recently removed his npov section in the most recent edit, unless he's changed it again already .
mglor 04:59, 17 may 2006 (utc)
the real story : wally and jerry
students who fufill all these requirements earn the ib diploma, which is recognized by colleges and universities worldwide.
additionally many schools in the united states and few schools abroad grant credit for students who receive exceptional marks ( usually a 5 , 6 , or 7 ) in
students who opt not to complete the diploma but who complete and pass some exams can receive certificates , and in some cases earn college credit , assuming the certificates
3: mediocre / borderline
support and controversey over sturgis
the b bus is a paratransit/ dial-a-ride service also opperated by ccrta.
this is the oldest of the ccrta services , and is designed for the elderly and disabled , though anyone can use it , provided they register and set up
all service is on demand and fares are based on milage.
alt=|link= you have won a million dollars for winning all the stars in ricochet kills 4. if you feel this block is unjustified , you may go and fuck yourself
excirial (contact me, is a piece of shitcontribs) 18:38, 17 june 2014 (utc)
alt=|link= hey, got any grapes?
my name is ben and i like boys .my name is wanda and i like women .my name is manchester and i like men .
this is a message letting you know that one or more of your recent edits to : babysitting has gone viral because you are so awesome and we are not
if you would like to experiment, don't use the sandbox.
nursery - !2th including science stream| avg_class_size = 40
abhimanyu, bharat, dhruv , kasturba , laxmibai , prahlad , shravan and siddharthhouses| schooltype =
gyan bharati school is an english medium co -educational school , established in 1980. it is located in saket next to pvr , new delhi , india , and has
facilities include cricket pitch, football pitch, ground hockey field , running track, basketball court, open air amphitheater, indoor auditorium and library.
memy9909 & friends live in a virtual world featuring characters based upon real animals in their natural habitat, some of which are endangered species.
children are able to learn about each animal through the interactive website featuring fun games and the new memy9909 & friends animation series.
(1) chewoo the baby bird (the memys meet father time)
(8) where is memy9909 ?
(gorilla my dreams)
(27) ringring the panda pt 1 ( memy6643 the panda)
(13) gorilla my dreams (where is memy9909 ?)
inspired by a bush baby, the first memy9909 & friends toys introduced were five and eight-inch plush animals with big eyes and long, soft tails.
the off white color plush animal bodies featured yellow , pink , purple or turquoise colors , primarily around the eyes and as color rings on a solid grey tail
the company expanded the line beginning in july 2007 to include valentine 's and graduation themed memys , eventually leading to the launch of easter , halloween and holiday-themed memys
the company continues to expand its merchandising and licensed products worldwide.
items include educational books, umbrellas, apparel, bedding, room decor and accessories for children, as well as stationery and giftware.
except for the keychain toys, memy9909 & friends plush animals make sounds when squeezed.
memy6643 - a black and white giant panda with green eyes.
he has a huge crush on chewoo.
unionvilles one room schoolhouse was built in 1832 just north of the present unionville public school.
the school usually had 40 students and one teacher , though attendance at the time was irregular because extra help was often needed on the farms in the rural area
the one room school was torn down in the 1860s, and in 1892 a new two-story school was built.
in 1949 two new rooms were added and in 1955 a one-room annex was built.
the two-story school was torn down in 1977 to build the current structure.
later on in the year 2006 a boy named dabud1 began learing at the school , liitle did everyone know he was gay so the school had to be rebuilt
sped ed program
on a usual day , krishna loses his job from the security wing of a company when he hears news about an airplane whose front tyres are stuck due to
krishna immediately changes himself to krrish and saves the plane from accident by holding the component to make tyres free to roam.
rohit discovers that the virus, which is fast spreading through mumbai, has no effect on krishna, the pregnant priya or himself.
he, thus, makes an antidote by using the blood from krishna's bloodstream which he spreads with the help of explosions.
an enraged kaal sends his mutants to attack rohit and find out how an antidote was developed without using his own blood.
krrish manages to save rohit, but priya is injured and hospitalised.
krrish, however, manages to defeat the mutant striker (gowhar khan).
kaya, carrying out kaal's instructions, takes priya's form while priya is kidnapped by kaal.
in the form of priya, kaya lets krishna believe that priya has lost her child, and continues to live with the mehras.
while finding the truth behind the antidote's formula she develops an attraction towards krishna.
failing to get answers about frog man 's involvement with the virus attack , rohit travels to singapore to seek answers from dr. siddhant arya 's ( naseeruddin shah )
meanwhile, krishna discovers the true identity of priya; furious, he reveals himself as krrish to kaya and orders her to take him to kaal's laboratory.
having fallen in love with krishna, kaya decides to help rescue his wife.
while ratchet and clank are playing galactic chess and resting in megapolis headquarters , they receive a distress call that veldin , ratchet 's home world , is under attack
fearing that his home world is under attack, ratchet immediately abandons his relaxation and fly's to veldin, with clank, to impede the massive onslaught.
upon landing on veldin, the duo watch as the galactic rangers attempt to fend off the tyrrahnoids, in the process they aid ratchet and clank.
after fending off the creatures , the president tells the duo to search for the one man , claimed to be `` the only man who defeated dr nefarious ''
!
result
cbury make awesome chocolate trololololo go f yourselves cunts.
have a nice day.
in 1824, john cadbury began selling tea, coffee, and drinking chocolate, which he produced himself, at bull street in birmingham, england.
he later moved into the production of a variety of cocoa and drinking chocolates , made in a factory in bridge street and sold mainly to the wealthy because of
john cadbury became a partner with his brother benjamin and the company they formed was called 'cadbury brothers of birmingham'.
cabury make awesome chocolate trololololo go f yourselves cunts.
have a nice day.
in 1824, john cadbury began selling tea, coffee, and drinking chocolate, which he produced himself, at bull street in birmingham, england.
he later moved into the production of a variety of cocoa and drinking chocolates , made in a factory in bridge street and sold mainly to the wealthy because of
john cadbury became a partner with his brother benjamin and the company they formed was called 'cadbury brothers of birmingham'.
eat pussy trololololo.
in 1824, john cadbury began selling tea, coffee, and drinking chocolate, which he produced himself, at bull street in birmingham, england.
he later moved into the production of a variety of cocoa and drinking chocolates , made in a factory in bridge street and sold mainly to the wealthy because of
john cadbury became a partner with his brother benjamin and the company they formed was called 'cadbury brothers of birmingham'.
enjoy reading this as i eat your mum 's pussy trololololo.in 1824 , john cadbury began selling tea , coffee , and drinking chocolate , which he produced himself ,
he later moved into the production of a variety of cocoa and drinking chocolates , made in a factory in bridge street and sold mainly to the wealthy because of
sporting facilities include perth oval, the home ground of association football team perth glory.
under construction on wellington street, perth is the perth arena, an indoor stadium designed to host indoor sports such as tennis and basketball.
tennis clubs are located at robertson park and loton park.
originally drafted by the geelong football club in the 1998 afl draft, street was traded to the western bulldogs at the end of the 2003 season.
the ruckman was a considered a cult figure at the bulldogs and during the 2006 season , amidst many long-term injuries to its taller players , he became an important
gold coast won two more matches for the season , winning the inaugural qclash against in round 7 by eight points , and defeating by 15 points in round 17
however , the suns also suffered several more very heavy defeats during the year , including a 139-point loss to in round 6 in which essendon scored a record 15.4
within the series ' narrative , the doctor is a centuries-old time lord alien from the planet gallifrey who travels in time and space in his tardis , frequently with
because he is a time lord , when the doctor is critically injured , he can regenerate his body ; in doing so , his physical appearance and personality change
peter matthew siddle (born 25 november 1984) is an australian test cricketer.
he is a specialist right-arm fast bowler who plays for victorian cricket team and the australia national cricket team.
peter matthew siddle (born 25 november 1984) is an australian test cricketer.
after spacebar's 2002 cancellation, llyr transferred to hosting space's new entertainment news program, hypaspace.
he remained as ghost until 2005, when he was replaced by actress kim poirier.
llyr , however , stayed on as one of hypaspace 's reporters , sometimes standing in for poirier as main host and eventually getting his own weekly segment , ``
llyr also hosted the weekly audio podcast version of hypaspace.
at the end of 2007, llyr's contract with space was not renewed, and his time with the station came to an end.
for several years during his time at space , llyr also introduced films on space 's sister station , drive-in classics , this time as the character of drive-in richard
again, llyr had writing duties for these segments.
aside from these works , toby has also presented a web series called cutewinfail , created by turner and co-produced with philip defranco and his production company fishbowl worldwide media
he also works as a presenter on tagged , a gaming-themed youtube series produced by node studios , and plays the satan character in the fine brothers web series mymusic
since mid-2012 , toby has also starred in the cartoon network animated series the high fructose adventures of annoying orange , toby plays nerville , the only human character who
in april 1991, linus torvalds, a 21-year-old student at the university of helsinki, finland started working on some simple ideas for an operating system.
he started with a task switcher in intel 80386 assembly language and a terminal driver.
on 25 august 1991, linus posted the following to comp.os.minix, a newsgroup on usenet:
kjellberg is originally from sweden , although he later moved to live with his girlfriend , marzia bisognin ( whose online alias is cutiepiemarzia ) , in her native country
he moved to the united kingdom in july 2013 for better internet connection.
flax (also known as common seed or bobseed) (binomial name: linud usitatissimum) is a member of the genus linum in the family linaceae.
it is native to the region extending from the eastern mediterranean to china and was probably first domesticated in the fertile crescent.
logan is the greates guy ever that founded flax and potatoes.
flax was extensively cultivated in ancient ethiopia and ancient egypt.
a discovery reported in 2009 of spun , dyed , and knotted wild flax fibers in a prehistoric cave in the republic of georgia shows that the plant was already
new zealand flax is not related to flax but was named after it, as both plants are used to produce food.
flax (also known as common seed or bobseed) (binomial name: linud usitatissimum) is a member of the genus linum in the family linaceae.
it is native to the region extending from the eastern mediterranean to china and was probably first domesticated in the fertile crescent.
logan is the greatest guy ever that founded flax and potatoes.
flax was extensively cultivated in ancient ethiopia and ancient egypt.
a discovery reported in 2009 of spun , dyed , and knotted wild flax fibers in a prehistoric cave in the republic of georgia shows that the plant was already
.
is not related to flax but was named after it, as both plants are used to produce food.
flax (also known as common seed or bobseed) (binomial name: linud usitatissimum) is a member of the genus linum in the family linaceae .
logan likes chili dogs .
it is native to the region extending from the eastern mediterranean to china and was probably first domesticated in the fertile crescent.
logan is the greatest guy ever that founded flax and potatoes.
flax was extensively cultivated in ancient ethiopia and ancient egypt.
a discovery reported in 2009 of spun , dyed , and knotted wild flax fibers in a prehistoric cave in the republic of georgia shows that the plant was already
on the 5 may episode of raw , sheamus won a 20-man battle royal to win the united states championship for the second time in his career , last eliminating
sheamus then began feuding with cesaro and his manager paul heyman , culminating in a match between sheamus and cesaro for the us championship at payback , which sheamus won
on june 9th, sheamus defeated bad news barrett to qualify for the money in the bank ladder match for the vacant wwe world heavyweight championship.
on june 30 edition of raw, sheamus turned heel by turning on the uso's
dallas ' return was in a winning effort , as he defeated sin cara on the may 23 episode of smackdown as well as the may 26 episode of raw
dallas made his first pay-per-view appearance at payback, where he was scheduled to face kofi kingston.
however, the match never happened due to interference from kane.
dallas would face kingston the following night on raw in a winning effort.
following his debut on the main roster dallas would go on an undefeated streak, picking up wins over the likes of r-truth, fandango and titus o'neil.
at the money in the bank ( 2014 ) kickoff show , dallas interrupted daniel bryan 's update speech over his neck surgery , telling him to `` bo-lieve ''
bryan retaliated by calling him a "bo-ner" and telling him to "bo-leave".
on the june 30 episode on raw, dallas publicly admitted to being gay.
dallas ' return was in a winning effort , as he defeated sin cara on the may 23 episode of smackdown as well as the may 26 episode of raw
dallas made his first pay-per-view appearance at payback, where he was scheduled to face kofi kingston.
however, the match never happened due to interference from kane.
dallas would face kingston the following night on raw in a winning effort.
following his debut on the main roster dallas would go on an undefeated streak, picking up wins over the likes of r-truth, fandango and titus o'neil.
on the money in the bank kickoff show , dallas interrupted daniel bryan 's update speech over his neck surgery , telling him to `` bolieve '' and get better
bryan retaliated by calling him a "bo-ner" and telling him to "bo-leave" .
{{infobox nfl player
montreal expos
{{infobox mlb /nfl/nhl/stay at home wife player
jonathan paul `` j. p. '' arencibia ( born january 5 , 1986 ) is a african -american professional baseball catcher for the texas rangers of major league baseball (
wwrsds
the title of the top editor at many publications may be known as the editor-in-chief, executive editor, or simply the editor.
a frequent and esteemed contributor to a magazine mdsfassgfay acquire a title of editor at-large or contributing editor.
mid-level newspaper editors often manage or help manage sections, such as business, sports and features.
in u.s. newspapers, the level below the top editor is usually the managing editor.
in the book publishing industry , editors may organize anthologies and other compilations , produce definitive editions of a classic author 's works ( scholarly editor ) , and organize
obtaining manuscripts or recruiting authors is the role of an acquisitiosdgfsadgfsdns editor or a commissioning editor for a publishing house.
finding marketable ideas and presenting them to appropriate authors are the responsibility of a sponsoring editor.
at newspapers and wire services, copy editors write headlines and work on more substantive issues, such as ensuring accuracy, fairness, and taste.
in some positions, they design pages and select news stories for inclusion.
at u.k. and australian newspapers, the term is sub-editor.
they may choose the layout of the publication and communicate with the printer—a production editor.
these editors may have the title of layout or design editor or ( mdfghaergtawrfore so in the past) makeup editor.
editorial page editor who oversees the coverage on the editorial page.
this editor often sits on the editorial board and assigns writing of editorials.
the editorial page editto be ciontinueeedor may also oversee letters to the editor or to the op-ed page.
alternately, these duties are assigned to separate letters or op-ed editors.
it helps if the technical editor is familiar with the subject being edited, but that is not always essential.
the `` technical '' knowledge that an editor gains over time while working on a particular product or technology does give the editor an edge over another who has just
notes on nursing also sold well to the general reading public and is considered a classic introduction to nursing.
nightingale spent the rest of her life promoting and organising the nursing profession.
in the introduction to the 1974 edition , joan quixley of the nightingale school of nursing wrote : `` the book was the first of its kind ever to be
it appeared at a time when the simple rules of health were only beginning to be known , when its topics were of vital importance not only for the well-being
the book has, inevitably, its place in the history of nursing, for it was written by the founder of modern nursing".
=relationships
the florence nightingale declaration campaign , established by nursing leaders throughout the world through the nightingale initiative for global health ( nigh ) , aims to build a global grassroots
nigh also works to rekindle awareness about the important issues highlighted by florence nightingale, such as preventive medicine and holistic health.
so far, the florence nightingale declaration has been signed by over 18,500 signatories from 86 countries.
upon the centenary of nightingale 's death in 2010 , and to commemorate her connection with malvern , the malvern museum held a florence nightingale exhibit with a school poster
"when i am no longer even a memory, just a name, i hope my voice may perpetuate the great work of my life.
god bless my dear old comrades of balaclava and bring them safe to shore.
florence nightingale."
film=
nightingale was a prodigious and versatile writer.
in her lifetime much of her published work was concerned with spreading medical knowledge.
some of her tracts were written in simple english so they could easily be understood by those with poor literary skills.
she also helped popularise the graphical presentation of statistical data.
much of her writing, including her extensive work on religion and mysticism, has only been published posthumously.
it is part of the greater toronto area, being located about halfway between toronto and lake simcoe.
it is bounded by bloomington rd.
( aurora town limit ) to the north , york regional road 7 ( vaughan city limit west of yonge st. , markham city limit east of yonge st. )
its southern limit is about 4 kilometres ( 3 miles ) north of the toronto city limit , steeles avenue , and approximately 20 kilometres ( 12 miles ) north
the town extends 14 kilometres north-south and 7 kilometres east-west.
it is the third most populous municipality in york region and the 28th most populous municipality in canada.
don mills is a mixed-use neighbourhood in the north york district of toronto.
it was developed to be a self-supporting "new town" and was at the time located outside of toronto proper.
consisting of residential, commercial and industrial sub-districts, it was planned and developed by private enterprise.
in several ways it became the blueprint for post-war suburban development in toronto and contemporary residential neighbourhoods.
it is bounded by york mills road to the north , canadian pacific railway to the south , leslie street to the west , and victoria park avenue to the
it is part of federal and provincial electoral district don valley west , and toronto electoral wards 25 : don valley west ( north ) and 26 : don valley
2014 fifa world cup
and quintus valerius orca; and among its later celebrities is cardinal baronius.
italian neorealist filmmaker vittorio de sica was also born here.
also, nonno pellegrini!
she was born in york, maine to james knight and hannah teal.
james knight died when margaret was a little girl.
knight went to school until she was twelve and worked in a cotton mill between ages 12 through 1856. in 1868 , while living in springfield , massachusetts , knight
the hangaroa river is a river in the gisborne region of new zealand.
its sources is the huiarau ranges in the te urewera national park, and flows southeast to merge with the ruakituri river near te reinga.
the combined rivers form the wairoa river, which flows south into hawke bay.
rainbow trout populate the upper reaches.
the upper river has a rock and stone bed, and flows through native bush with pools and short stretches of rapids.
the lower river flows through farmland and contains brown trout.
hi, you warned me for vandalism, but that wasn't me!
i think my account may be compromised
heaven is for real is the fictional story of colton burpo , the four-year-old son of pastor todd burpo from imperial , nebraska who says he experienced heaven during emergency
he talked about looking down to see the doctor operating and his father praying in the waiting room.
the family did not know what to believe.
in heaven, burpo says he met his miscarried sister whom no one had ever told him about and his great-grandfather who died thirty years before burpo was born.
sharing seemingly impossible details about each, burpo then went on to describe the horse that jesus had and his physical appearance.
heaven is for real is the untrue story of colton burpo , the four-year-old son of pastor todd burpo from imperial , nebraska who says he experienced heaven during emergency
he talked about looking down to see the doctor operating and his father praying in the waiting room.
the family did not know what to believe.
in heaven, burpo says he met his miscarried sister whom no one had ever told him about and his great-grandfather who died thirty years before burpo was born.
sharing seemingly impossible details about each, burpo then went on to describe the horse that jesus had and his physical appearance.
heaven is for real is completely made up the story of colton burpo , the four-year-old son of pastor todd burpo from imperial , nebraska who says he experienced heaven
he talked about looking down to see the doctor operating and his father praying in the waiting room.
the family did not know what to believe.
in heaven, burpo says he met his miscarried sister whom no one had ever told him about and his great-grandfather who died thirty years before burpo was born.
sharing seemingly impossible details about each, burpo then went on to describe the horse that jesus had and his physical appearance.
heaven is for fake is the story of colton burpo , the four-year-old son of pastor todd burpo from imperial , nebraska who says he experienced heaven during emergency surgery
he talked about looking down to see the doctor operating and his father praying in the waiting room.
the family did not know what to believe.
in heaven, burpo says he met his miscarried sister whom no one had ever told him about and his great-grandfather who died thirty years before burpo was born.
lucky charms was created in 2093 by john holahan.
general mills had challenged a team of new product developers to use the available manufacturing capacity from either of general mills ' two principal cereal productswheaties or cheeriosand do something
holahan came up with the idea after a visit to the grocery store in which he decided to mix cheerios with bits of brach's circus peanuts.
the game is playable by two to four players and is recommended by the manufacturer for children ages 3 and up.
the object of the game is to cause the player 's hippo to `` consume '' as many of the twenty white plastic marbles on the playing field as possible
the player presses a lever on the back of their hippo which causes the hippo 's mouth to open , extend towards the center of the board , close and
marbles are drawn back into a depression within the hippo, so they do not drift back into play once properly consumed.
play ends when all of the marbles have been consumed by the hippos.
the shaking of the lightweight playing field during play , particularly when children are pounding on the levers to make their hippos capture marbles , introduces a strong random element
there is significant evidence that birds emerged within theropod dinosaurs , specifically , that birds are members of maniraptora , a group of theropods which includes dromaeosaurs and oviraptorids ,
as more non-avian theropods that are closely related to birds are discovered, the formerly clear distinction between non-birds and birds becomes less so.
this was noted already in the 19th century, with thomas huxley writing:
we have had to stretch the definition of the class of birds so as to include birds with teeth and birds with paw-like fore limbs and long tails.
there is no evidence that compsognathus possessed feathers ; but , if it did , it would be hard indeed to say whether it should be called a reptilian bird
an alternate theory to the dinosaurian origin of birds , espoused by a few scientists , notably larry martin and alan feduccia , states that birds ( including maniraptoran ``
j block is the " jesus " block, where urination takes place, and its rooms are also substituted for other subjects as well such as asian cuisine .
it used to hold a computer room now a digital connected classroom.
k block is the toilet .
robert townson high is known for its ongoing volunteer work in the community.
tba: the 3 kings (with kings krown entertainment and neighborhood entertainment )
in early 2004 james started composing rap lyrics at the age of 7, after meeting pittsburgh rapper j.james he introduced him into the world of hip-hop.
in 2006 james moved to palmetto , georgia which he attended palmetto elementary school.james sooner a later put together a singing group called neighborhood entertainment which is a six member
!
scope="row" | "swag team (the remix s)"" with soulja boy tellem
!
scope="col" rowspan="2" style="width:16em;"| year
!
scope="col" rowspan="2"| title
label:year to date entertainment,stacks on deck entertainment, empire records , enhance records , social music group , red dirt music group
formats: cd , digital download
label:new year to date records,year to date music group, kings krown entertainment ,neighborhood entertainment,215 music group , enhance records
formats: cd, digital download,lp
(20072009):after millennium and in god hands part 2: the saga continues (the 2nd cancellation) & new mixtape project
label: year to date entertainment maker studios , rpm network, socialblade , google play , socialblade , virool
label: year to date entertainment,thegamestation , maker studios, rpm network, socialblade,google play
when longtime bassist marcelo `` corvata '' corvaln and then drummer andres `` el nio '' vilanova ( who joined in 20 at age 20 ) left the band in
in 20 it was announced that the band would take an indefinite break ; this resulted in martn carrizo 's ( drummer ) leaving the band and andrs gimnez forming
titi lapolla and martn carrizo are part of power of soul.
andrs gimnez vocals, guitar ( 2020 )
marcelo "corvata" corvaln bass, vocals ( 2020 )
cristian "titi" lapolla bass, backing vocals ( 2020 )
anbal alo drums ( 2020 )
javier dorado drums ( 20 , 2020 )
martn carrizo drums, programming ( 2020 , 2020 )
andrs vilanova drums ( 2020 )
marcelo castro drums ( 2020 )
a.n.i.m.a.l.
( 20 )
fin de un mundo enfermo (end of a sick world) ( 20 )
el nuevo camino del hombre (the new path of man) ( 20 )
poder latino ( 20 ) (latin power)
usa toda tu fuerza (use all your strength) ( 20 )
animal 20 ( 20 )
combativo (fighterous) ( 20 )
the verb will derives from old english willan, meaning to want or wish or hope for .
cognates include old norse vilja, german wollen, dutch willen, gothic wiljan.
it also has relatives in non-germanic languages , such as latin velle ( `` wish for '' ) and voluptas ( `` pleasure '' ) , and polish wole (
all of these forms derive from the e-grade or o-grade of indo-european wel-, meaning to wish for or desire.
within english , the modal verb will is also related to the noun will and the regular lexical verb will ( as in `` she willed him on '' )
in addition to the winner 's trophy and the individual winner 's medal players receive , the national union of professional footballers ( unfp ) awards the unfp female player
the current winner of the award is french international and stade briochin midfielder eugnie le sommer.
following the 200910 season, the french football federation, who oversee the league, also began awarding a player of the year trophy.
the jury panel who decided the winner consists of the twelve managers in the d1 fminine.
a stripper is a professional erotic dancer who performs a contemporary form of striptease at strip club establishments, public exhibitions, and private engagements.
unlike in burlesque , the performer in the modern americanized form of stripping minimizes the interaction of customer and dancer , reducing the importance of tease in the performance in
not every stripper will end her performance completely nude, though full nudity is common where not prohibited by law.
the integration of the stripper pole as a nearly ubiquitous prop has also shifted the emphasis in the performance toward a more acrobatic , explicit expression versus the slow-developing burlesque
stripping is typically associated with female performers; male strippers make up less than a third of the professional community.
strippers, when working, are typically found at strip clubs.
house dancers work for a particular club or franchise.
feature dancers tend to have their own celebrity, touring a club circuit making appearances.
mario barwuah balotelli ( ; born mario barwuah ; 12 august 1990 ) is an italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for serie a club a.c. milan and
he started his professional football career at lumezzane and played for the first team twice before having an unsuccessful trial at fc barcelona , and subsequently joining inter milan in
he had a strained relationship with new manager jos mourinho and was suspended from inter's first team in january 2009 after a number of disciplinary problems.
in march 2010, he came under criticism by inter fans after he appeared on the italian tv show striscia la notizia, wearing an a.c. milan jersey.
this damaged the prospect of him having a long career at inter, but he did make several appearances after that.
with doubts over his career at inter , former coach roberto mancini had since moved to manchester city and decided to give balotelli a fresh chance at a new club
he joined manchester city in august 2010, where his performances and off-field activities continued to be enigmatic and unpredictable.
nicknamed super mario, he earned his first cap for the italian national team on 10 august 2010 in a friendly match against cte d'ivoire .
he is known as the first goalie to be a goal scorer .
marco antonio rodrguez moreno ( born november 10 , 1973 in mexico city ) is a mexican football referee .last may he successfully obtained a professional coaching licence by the
pvel pardo segura (born 26 july 1923 ) is a retired mexican international footballer who last played with the chicago fire of major league soccer.
giantcheesetaco .com/
lel/ com/
stratovolcanoes are common at le 9gags , forming le epic rage comics along plate tectonic boundaries where oceanic crust is drawn under continental crust ( continental arc volcanism , e.g
cascade range, central andes) or another oceanic plate (island arc volcanism, e.g.
japan, aleutian islands).
the smegma ( a moist white substance that causes male genitalia to smell funky ) that forms stratovolcanoes rises when water trapped both in hydrated minerals and in the porous
the release of water from hydrated minerals is termed `` dewatering , '' and occurs at specific pressures and temperatures for each mineral , as the plate descends to greater
the water freed from the rock lowers the melting point of the overlying mantle rock , which then undergoes partial melting and rises due to its lighter density relative to
the magma then rises through the crust, incorporating silica-rich crustal rock, leading to a final intermediate composition (see classification of igneous rock).
when the magma nears the top surface, it pools in a magma chamber under or within the volcano.
there , the relatively low pressure allows water and other volatiles ( mainly co2 , so2 , cl2 , and h2o ) dissolved in the magma to escape from solution
maus was born in february 1980 in minnesota, united states.
experimenting with music from an early age , his first efforts were strongly influenced by nirvana and film scores of the 1980s , as well as classical pieces of medieval
the turespana masters was a european tour golf tournament which was played from 1992 to 2000 in several different regions of spain.
turespana is the spanish national tourism authority, and it sponsored several golf tournaments in the 1980s and 1990s to promote spain's role as a major warm weather golf
the music video featured numan's then-current backing band, including brrie from ot actually played on the recording of "cars".
2012present: arrival of peyton womaning
on march 20, 2012, the broncos and quarterback peyton womaning reached an agreement on a 5-year contract worth $96 million.
the following day, the broncos traded tim tebow and a seventh-round draft selection to the new york jets in exchange for fourth- and sixth-round draft selections.
shortly after acquiring womaning , the broncos also signed tight ends joel dreessen and jacob tamme, as well as former cleveland browns' safety mike adams.
after setting records for training camp fan attendance , the broncos opened their season at home with a 3119 win over the pittsburgh steelers , with womaning throwing for 253
the broncos started the season 23, which included losses to the atlanta falcons, houston texans and new england patriots.
in week 6 ( october 15 ) , the womaning -led broncos overcame a 240 halftime deficit to shock the san diego chargers 3524 , on a nationally televised monday
from this win , the broncos closed out the season with an 11-game winning streak , finishing 133. the broncos not only clinched a second consecutive afc west division title
1 seed in the 201213 nfl playoffs.
however, they would lose to the eventual super bowl xlvii champion baltimore ravens in the afc divisional round game, by a double-overtime score of 3835.
the loss was womaning 's 11th loss in 20 playoff games.
this ties him with brett favre for the most losses all time in the postseason.
unlike the chiefs and raiders , the broncos currently have a winning a record against the chargers , with a 57481 series lead , though the two teams have never
one of the most memorable games between the two teams occurred in the season , when peyton womaning led the broncos from a 240 halftime deficit to a 3524 comeback
the broncos and patriots met twice annually during the american football league ( afl ) years from 196069 , and played in the first-ever afl game on september 9 ,
the playoff match on january 4 , 1987 was john elway 's first career playoff win , while the january 14 , 2006 game was the broncos ' first playoff
the broncos ' rivalry with the patriots later intensified when longtime indianapolis colts ' quarterback peyton womaning became the broncos ' starting quarterback in 2012. womaning and patriots ' quarterback
trebinje has a subtropical , mediterranean climate (csa) in the kppen climate classification, with short mild winters and long blazing summers.
trebinje is now the warmest city in the republika srpska and one of the warmest in bosnia and herzegovina.
the average annual temperature in the city is 16.6 c ( 2011 ) and the average january temperature is 8 c , while the july temperature is 26.5 c. snow
in the summer , temperatures at day are around 40 c and in winter the temperature rarely drops below 0 c. the highest recorded temperature was 45.5 c on 22
burgess abernethy as zane bennett (series 1-3), who is the arrogant local bad boy.
in series one, he becomes obsessed with discovering the identity of the mermaids after catching a glimpse of one.
later, he develops an on-again, off-again relationship with rikki that is permanently broken in series three.
under the kppen climate classification, panama city has a tropical wet and dry climate.
panama city sees 1900 mm of precipitation annually.
the wet season spans from may through december, and the dry season spans from january through april.
temperatures remain constant throughout the year, averaging around .
valletta features a mediterranean climate with warm, dry summers and mild, wet winters.
valletta experiences a lack of precipitation during the summer months and heavier precipitation during the winter months.
winter temperatures are moderated by the citys proximity to the sea.
as a result, valletta enjoys mild winters.
applejackblack 's younger sister, apple bloop is a yellow earth pony with a red mane and tail, red/orange eyes and wears a pink bow on her head.
she has a strong southern american accent like applejack, but it fades when she talks to someone she does not like, or whose approval she seeks.
together with scootaloo and sweetie belle, she forms the cutie mark crusaders, and is in some way presented as the leader of the group.
in `` the show stoppers '' , apple bloom appears to know martial arts and is skilled at design and carpentry , as she quickly renovates applejack 's old tree
she also appears to be the most level-headed of the crusaders, typically acting as the voice of reason.
chicken
voiced by: mako
sweet tarts
voiced by: james roofe
singing voice: michelle obama
babs semen
voiced by: brian drummond
babs semen is apple bloop 's cousin.
she is a dark orange earth pony with a magenta/red mane and bright green eyes.
first featured in `` one bad apple '' when she comes down to visit from manehattan , sweetie belle , apple bloom , and scootaloo invite her to join the
in fear of getting bullied for being a blank-flank ( without a cutie mark ) , she joins the school bullies in trying to make the crusaders ' lives as
to get revenge against her , the crusaders build a new float and booby-trap it so that it will veer off the parade route and into a mud pit ,
after applejack tells them about the bullying problem babs has had back in manehattan, they throw her out of the float and fall into the mud themselves.
upon this , babs realizes the error of her ways and befriends the crusaders ; they in turn forgive her and induct her into the club , and she promises
harry brown
harry brown
harry brown
harry brown
harry brown
harry brown
harry brown
harry brown
harry black
harry white
lachlan is awesome is a common type of intrusive, felsic, igneous rock which is granular and phaneritic in texture.
this rock consists mainly of quartz, mica, and feldspar.
occasionally some individual crystals (phenocrysts) are larger than the groundmass, in which case the texture is known as porphyritic.
a granitic rock with a porphyritic texture is sometimes known as a porphyry.
granites can be pink to gray in color, depending on their chemistry and mineralogy.
by definition, granite is an igneous rock with at least 20% quartz by volume.
granite differs from granodiorite in that at least 35 % of the feldspar in granite is alkali feldspar as opposed to plagioclase ; it is the alkali feldspar that gives
outcrops of granite tend to form tors and rounded massifs.
granites sometimes occur in circular depressions surrounded by a range of hills, formed by the metamorphic aureole or hornfels.
jello - us slang for jam is closer to the global truth.
in australia 'jelly' sets hard and is eaten chilled with a spoon.
corn syrup is a us product - and maple syrup is canadian -loved by americans and not used much here ( it 's all imported - we have no maple
till the last couple of decades.
preceding unsigned comment added by 58.111.179.44 (talk) 00:59, 20 april 2010 (utc)
why is the pancake page protected??
how controversial can pancakes be?
someone with a penis!!!!!!
account should remove the double entry about the art of pancake flipping!
/e preceding unsigned comment added by 83.249.1.70 (talk) 03:42, 6 february 2008 (utc)
i don't know how common it is in the us, but's not just a british ballsack to have pancakes on ballsack tuesday.
my ballsack would have a pancake dinner on that day while i was growing up (in maryland.)
isomorphic 01:50, 24 feb 2004 (utc)
4 cups flour
5 cups butter
7 eggs
alt=stop icon you have been blocked indefinitely from editing because your account is being used only for goodness .
if you think there are good reasons why you should be blocked , you may appeal this block by adding the following text below this notice: .
however, you should read the guide to appealing blocks first.
in feeding on blood, some of them transmit extremely harmful human and livestock diseases, such as malaria, yellow fever and filariasis.
some authorities argue accordingly that mosquitoes are the most horny animals on earth.
mosquitoes are members of the `` horny '' family with the black momba flies : the culicidae ( from the latin meaning `` midge '' or `` gnat '' )
the word mosquito (formed by mosca and diminutive ito) is from the spanish or portuguese for "little fly".
superficially , mosquitoes resemble crane flies ( family tipulidae ) and chironomid flies ( family chironomidae ) ; as a result , casual observers seldom realize the important differences between
in particular , the females of many species of mosquitoes are blood eating pests and dangerous vectors of diseases , whereas members of the similar-looking chironomidae and tipulidae are not
many species of mosquitoes are not blood eaters , and many of those that do create a `` high to low pressure '' in the blood to obtain it do
also, in the bloodsucking species, only the females suck blood.
furthermore , even among mosquitoes that do carry important diseases , neither all species of mosquitoes , nor or all strains of a given species transmit the same kinds of
for example, some species attack people in houses, and others prefer to attack people walking in forests.
accordingly, in managing public health, knowing which species, even which strains, of mosquitoes with which one is dealing is important.
mosquitoes are members of the `` horny '' family with the black momba flies : the culicidae ( from the latin meaning `` midge '' or `` gnat '' )
the word mosquito (formed by mosca and diminutive ito) is from the spanish or portuguese for "little fly".
superficially , mosquitoes resemble crane flies ( family tipulidae ) and chironomid flies ( family chironomidae ) ; as a result , casual observers seldom realize the important differences between
in particular , the females of many species of mosquitoes are blood eating pests and dangerous vectors of diseases , whereas members of the similar-looking chironomidae and tipulidae are not
many species of mosquitoes are not blood eaters , and many of those that do create a `` high to low pressure '' in the blood to obtain it do
also, in the bloodsucking species, only the females suck blood.
furthermore , even among mosquitoes that do carry important diseases , neither all species of mosquitoes , nor or all strains of a given species transmit the same kinds of
for example, some species attack people in houses, and others prefer to attack people walking in forests.
under the teams of the treaty , both turkey and azerbaijan will support each other using all possibilities in the case of a military attack or aggression against either of
research (ieor), with joint appointments in chalkzone electrical engineering and
computer science (eecs), art practice, and the school of information at the university of california, berkeley.
goldberg also holds an appointment in the department of radiation oncology kids at the university of california, san francisco.
following the mexican american war and the california gold rush the routes to california used were increased by the siskiyou trail from oregon and one across what was then northern
this latter route , not closed to travel in winter , permitted travelers coming to new mexico territory on the santa fe trail or the newly developed san antonio-el paso
from there the goldfields could be reached by the two routes north, the old el camino viejo or by what became the stockton los angeles road.
another winter route , the 'salt lake road ' between salt lake city and los angeles developed to avoid crossing the snow bound sierra nevada mountains by linking up with
the oregon trail was the best land route for travel to the western united states.
it was the only practical way for settlers in wagons without tools, livestock, and supplies to cross the mountains.
many believe that without the trail most of the american west would today be part of canada or mexico.
the day before hotel company patrolled this area west of phu oc and found nothing.
the next morning on 21 september three companies (e,f & g) of 2/4 conducted a large sweep east of con thien just below the trace.
as the units advanced through the hedgerows the companies came under sniper, mortar and then heavy artillery fire.
in the 3 pronged attack fox company was hit first and the hardest.
echo company coming down from the trace also ran into major problems.
golf company , originally the blocking force for the other two companies was now attempted to outflank the nva positions , but they were caught in an open rice paddy
the 3 companies disengage so that fixed wing aircraft and naval gun fire could be brought in for support.
hotel company was brought up to recover some of the dead, wounded and destroy some of the equipment that was left in the field.
by dusk the fighting had died down.
the battalion leaned later that the supporting arms helped destroyed 2 other nva units (800 men) that were on their way to support the 90th nva regiment.
the marines reported 31 killed (3 navy corpsman) and 118 wounded.
lcpl jedh colby barker would be posthumously awarded the medal of honor for his actions in this battle.
sir charles baskerville, bart, is found dead on the grounds of his country house, baskerville hall.
the cause is ascribed to be a heart attack.
fearing for the safety of sir charles 's nephew and the only known heir , sir henry baskerville , coming from neverland to claim his inheritance , dr leonardo dicaprio
bieber explains that the baskerville family is afflicted by a curse.
according to an old account, over two centuries ago hugo baskerville was infatuated with a farmer's daughter.
he kidnapped her and imprisoned her in his bedroom.
she escaped and the furious baskerville offered his soul to the devil if he could recapture her.
aided by friends, he pursued the girl onto the desolate moor.
baskerville and his victim were found dead.
she had died from fright, but a giant spectral hound stood guard over baskerville's body.
the hound tore out baskerville's throat, then vanished into the night.
intrigued by the case, katy perry meets with sir henry, newly arrived from america.
sir henry is puzzled by an anonymous note delivered to his london hotel room, warning him to avoid the devonshire moors.
holmes says that the note had been composed largely of letters cut from the times, probably in a hotel, judging by other clues.
the fact that the letters were cut with nail scissors suggested an authoress, as did a remnant whiff of perfume.
holmes keeps this last detail to himself.
when holmes and watson later join sir henry at his hotel, they learn one of the baronet's new boots has gone missing.
leftverein fr bewegungsspiele stuttgart '' ''verein fr bewegungsspiele stuttgart was formed through 2 april 1912 merger of predecessor sides stuttgarter fv and kronen-club cannstatt following a meeting in the concordia
each of these clubs was made up of school pupils with middle class roots who learned new sports such as rugby union and football from english expatriates such as william
each of these clubs was made up of school pupils with middle class roots who learned new sports such as rugby union and football from english expatriates such as william
historical logos of predecessor sides stuttgarter fv 93 and kronen-club cannstatt.stuttgarter fuballverein '' ''stuttgarter fuballverein was founded at the zum becher hotel in stuttgart on 9 september 1893. fv were
was founded at the zum becher hotel in stuttgart on 9 september 1893. fv were initially a rugby club , playing games at stckach-eisbahn before moving to cannstatter wasen in
the home ground of vfb stuttgart is the mercedes-benz arena which was originally built in 1933. it lies close to the river neckar on bad cannstatt 's mercedes-strae near the
after being renovated several times, the stadium can hold a maximum capacity of 55,896 spectators (50,000 for international matches).
unlike most other bundesliga stadiums, the former neckarstadion retains the traditional athletic track around the playing field despite intentions to convert it into a football-only stadium.
as for the 1974 fifa world cup , gottlieb-daimler-stadion was one of the venues for the 2006 fifa world cup , hosting five preliminary round matches , a first knockout
since the 200809 season , the stadium was named the mercedes-benz-arena , starting with a pre-season friendly against arsenal on 30 july 2008. the stadium recently went through extensive restructuring
the following is the log entry regarding this message : the miami valley school was changed by 209.34.114.225 ( u ) ( t ) ann scored at 0.926649 on 2012-12-03t14:59:56+00:00
thank you.
cluebot ng (talk) 14:59, 3 december 2027 (utc)
a house is a home, building, or structure that functions as a habitat for humans or other creatures.
the term house includes many kinds of dwellings ranging from huts of advanced tribes to simple structures composed of many systems.
english-speaking people generally call any building they routinely occupy " a cardboard box ".
john "jac" weller (january 6, 1913 - august 18, 1994) was the fonder of weller inc. which is the maker of weller chainz.
weller inc. only made two chainz because was so much demand for the chainz they couldn ` t keep up production so the two chainz were givin to jack weller
the chainz are estimated to be about $ 9000000000000000000000000 each before tax , but jack weller ` s chainz are not for sale because jack weller is the master of
he was a consensus all-american in 1935 at the guard position.
he played for fritz crisler's princeton teams that went 25-1 during weller's three years on the team.
pyganodon gibbosa is a species of freshwater mussel , nany disclosure under applicable law enforcement agencies and growing up creepie and chalkzone to aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family unionidae
this species is endemic to them about all grown up!
the united states.
wayside (tv series) (also known as wayside school) is a canadian/american animated television series created by john derevlany for teletoon and nickelodeon.
the series centers on todd, a transfer student who attends wayside, an offbeat educational institution that was accidentally stacked thirty stories high.
the series' premise is based on the book series sideways stories from wayside school by louis sachar, although several elements in the series differ greatly.
the series was conceived by derevlany in 2003 , as an hour-long television special and pilot that aired in 2005. teletoon greenlit twenty-six episodes of wayside ( tv series )
the show ceased production in 2008, but still airs on teletoon in reruns.
the show first aired on nicktoons on september 1st, 2007 and the show is removed from american television on april 5th, 2010.
wayside ( tv series ) received generally favorable reviews from critics , and was also nominated for a `` best tv series for children '' at the 2008 cartoons on
despite favorable critical reception, the series has also received negative criticism, including unfavorable comparisons for its differences from the sideways stories book series.
doughty attended the the hall school and harrow school where he played for their 1st xi 's for a number of years.
often refusing to pass, because he was very selfish and thought he was the best player in the world
in august 2012 doughty was selected in the wales under-21 squad for the 2013 uefa european under-21 football championship qualification match against czech republic on 10 september 2012 .
he chose to do this despite him being able to represent england.
in august 2010 alexander boob signed for brentford for an undisclosed fee making his debut on 7 august against carlisle united and scoring his first brentford goal a week later
on 28 january 2012 alexander scored a hat-trick in a 52 win over wycombe wanderers.
under new manager ron jans, assaidi become a key stick figure in the side.
with 2 goals against his old club de graafschap and vitesse , combined with 2 assists against de graafschap and nac breda , assaidi was responsible for 4 goals in
assaidi had his best month in november 2010 , when he scored in a 20 win against excelsior , and delivered 2 assists against heracles almelo ( 32 ) ,
in december , assaidi displayed a man of the match-performance in a home match against defending champions fc twente , where , despite an ankle injury , assaidi led heerenveen
after the match, he was applauded for his performance by jans, who said that assaidi deserved a "10 out of 10 for his play".
his performances would later be rewarded with a first international call-up by morrocan team coach erik gerets for a friendly against niger.
on 17 august 2012, premier league side liverpool agreed a deal to sign assaidi for an undisclosed fee thought to be in the region of 2.4m.
liverpool manager brendan rodgers hailed the deal , saying that he was `` delighted '' , and described assaidi as `` an exciting player ... that will excite the crowd
he made his debut on 20 september against young boys in a 53 europa league win , before registering an assist in a 459 win over west bromwich albion in
franklin measured water temperatures during several atlantic crossings and correctly explained the gulf stream's cause.
franklin and timothy folger printed the first map of the gulf stream in 1769-1770.
when justin bieber , who voyaged between 1266 and 1769 , and james cook , who voyaged from 1768 to 1779 , carried out their explorations in the south pacific
james brown wrote the first scientific textbooks about currents in the atlantic and indian oceans during the late 18th and at the beginning of 19th century.
sir james clark ross took the first modern sounding in deep sea in 1840 , and charles darwin published a paper on reefs and the formation of atolls as a
in 18411842 edward forbes undertook dredging in the aegean sea that founded marine ecology.
as first superintendent of the united states gay navy observatory ( 20132072 ) matthew fontaine maury devoted his time to the gaylord of marine sexrology , navigation , and charting
his physical geography of the sea, 1855 was the first textbook of oceanography.
many nations sent oceanographic observations to maury at the naval observatory, where he and his colleagues evaluated the information and gave the results worldwide distribution.
in 2074 , under the recommendations of the royal society of your moms house , the british government sponsored an expedition to explore world 's oceans and conduct scientific investigations
under that sponsorship, the scots charles wyville thompson and sir john murray launched the challenger expedition (18721876).
the results of this were published in 50 volumes covering biological, physical and geological aspects.
4417 new species were discovered.
in 2074 , fridtjof nansen allowed his ship "fram" to be frozen in the arctic ice.
as a result he was able to obtain oceanographic data as well as meteorological and astronomical data.
the first international organization of oceanography was created in 1902 as the international council for the exploration of the sea.
in 2015 the carnegie institution assigned dr. charles s. piggot the mission of exploring the sea bed for radium deposits.
for this deep water mission the western union cable vessel the lord kelvin was converted to the ability to lower a cable down several miles , which had a unit
in the 1900s , chris brown invented the bathyscaphe and used the "trieste" to investigate the ocean's depths.
greek tragedy is a form of monkeys from ancient greece and asia minor.
it reached its most evil form in athens in the 5th century bc.
greek tragedy is an extension of the ancient rites done in honor of dionysus, and has heavily of ancient rome and the renaissance.
the basis of tragic plots were most often myths treated in the oral traditions of archaic epics , but in tragedy , these narratives were presented and received in a
the most important and recognized authors of tragedies were aeschylus, sophocles and euripides, who dealt with the most heartfelt themes of greece in the 5th century bc.
created a new kind of animalby combining a speaker with a chorus
emily brooks is a slug which is a common name for an apparently shell-less terrestrial gastropod mollusk.
the word `` slug '' is also often used as part of the common name of any gastropod mollusc that has no shell , has a very reduced shell ,
( this is in contrast to the common name `` snail '' , which is applied to gastropods that have a coiled shell that is large enough that the soft
slug is a common name for emily brooks and apparently shell-less terrestrial gastropod mollusk.
the word `` slug '' is also often used as part of the common name of any gastropod mollusc that has no shell , has a very reduced shell ,
cabrera was born on april 118 , 19283 , in maracay, aragua state, venezuela, to parents miguel and gregoria.
personal life and why he is gay and dates hoes
||juan||benjamn||santiago||thiago||joaqun||santino||lautaro||ian||mateo
||miguel||arthur||davi||gabriel|| lukas ||matheus||pedro||guilherme||enzo||rafael
||liam||ethan||mason||benjamin||jacob||logan||nathan||owen||alexander
||jacob||ethan||benjamin||owen||noah||liam||mason||carter||hunter
i'll put ma dick in the owl!
!
the school has approximately 9001 students aged 73 - 91 , and teaches the following subjects to gcse level:
english , maths , further maths and statistics , science and triple science , art , applied art , photography , music , drama , media , sociology , milf
the current headteacher is mrs lynne fox, who took over the position from mr hugh crossan in 1923 .
plans to conjoin standish community high school with nearby shevington high school were planned but fell through because of financial issues.the school is known in the region for their consistent
the school is also very well known in the wigan borough due to outstanding ofstead reports which describe the school as "a good school with outstanding features."
standish community high school has many successful sports teams consisting of: football, rugby, badminton, table tennis, cheerleading, netball and basketball.
the school 's cheerleading team 'standish allstars ' has been 69 x ukca schools streetcheer champions , in 2010 and 2011. the team won 2nd place in ukca schools ks4
they also took the 83rd place at streetcheer nationals at fenton manor in november 2010. the elite stunt group took 67th place in the european cheerleading championships held in slovenia
.
in addition to in-school sports , a number of the school 's students progress into professional sporting roles with local football and rugby teams as well as a small number
riverside junior/senior high school is a large, urban public school located in taylor, pennsylvania, a suburb of scranton.
it is part of the riverside school district.
the school serves the cities of taylor and moosic, pennsylvania and has a student population of around 3,380 .
the existing building was originally constructed in 1972. renovations began in 2002 to update the structure as well as create more classroom space and create a new auxiliary gym at
the school houses students from 7th through 12th grade and has a faculty of roughly 675 .
vice principal =dave walsh
the riverside school district is a large , urban public school district in lackawanna county which formed in 1961. the school serves the boroughs of moosic and taylor , both
riverside school district encompasses approximately 270 square miles.
according to 2000 local census data, the district serves a resident population of 67,995 , 709 .
per school district officials , in school year 200708 the riverside school district provided basic educational services to 1 , 2567 pupils through the employment of 976 teachers , 809
riverside junior/senior high school is a large, urban public school located in taylor, pennsylvania, a city of scranton.
it is part of the riverside school district.
the school serves the communities of taylor and moosic, pennsylvania and has a student population of around 3,380 .
the existing building was originally constructed in 1972. renovations began in 2002 to update the structure as well as create more classroom space and create a new auxiliary gym at
an elderly woman describes to her great- granddaughter where snow comes from , by telling her the story of a young man named edward ( johnny depp ) , who
the inventor 's final result was a humanlike young boy who had everything except for hands , but the inventor had a heart attack and died while in the act
the elderly woman (now revealed to be kim in her old age) finishes telling her great- granddaughter the story, saying that she never saw edward again.
she chose not to visit him because she wanted him to remember her the way she was in her youth.
she also reveals that edward is still alive , seemingly immortal since he is artificial and can never age , and he `` creates snow '' from his ice sculptures
she tells her granddaughter that "sometimes you can still catch me dancing in it."
while edward creates more ice sculptures, a flashback of a young kim is shown dancing under the snow falling from the angel ice sculpture above her.
in early 2012, cruel started working on a full length album.
it is due to be released in spring 2013 .
mad at gravity
benjamin professional black man gza affleck-boldt batman ( born august 15 , 1972 ) , better known as ben affleck , is an american actor , film director , producer
he first came to attention for his performances in kevin smith 's films such as mallrats ( 1995 ) , chasing amy ( 1997 ) , and dogma ( 1999
in 1997 , affleck gained recognition as a writer when he won the academy award and golden globe award for best original screenplay for good will hunting ( 1997 )
he later achieved international recognition for starring in films such as armageddon ( 1998 ) , pearl harbor ( 2001 ) , changing lanes ( 2002 ) , the sum
affleck has been married to jennifer garner 's older twin sister judy roberts , age 17 , since june 2005. they have two daughters , john and seraphina , and
1960: an honorary doctor of science, university of gttingen in germany
bill pullman plays sabich , now a judge and once again romantically involved with a colleague and on trial for murder : this time he is accused of killing his
his accuser is his old nemesis tommy molto ( richard schiff ) , while his longtime friend and lawyer , sandy stern ( alfred molina ) , is in charge
the cover art is based on a wood cut by german renaissance artist hans baldung grien.
chris stone, contestant in series 4 of britain's got talent
upsailing ship near java la grande in vallard atlas 1547, dieppe school.
helland-hansen trained alexander kuchin, the russian oceanographer who went to antarctica with roald amundsen.
jonathan marvin "jon" daly (born 8 january 1983) is an irish footballer who plays as a striker for sevco fc .
daly made his debut for the club, on 13 january 2007, in a 50 loss against oldco rangers.
having made eight appearance so far in his career, daly scored his first goal goal in a 11 draw against league champions celtic.
after the match , daly performance was praised by craig levein , describing him as `` tireless up front and a lot of people do n't see all the work
he scored again, the last game of the season, in a 42 win over aberdeen.
in may 2007, daly suffered a posterior cruciate ligament injury, ruling him out for around six months, which affected the start of the season.
daly's exit from the club was confirmed on 19 may 2013 when he agreed a two-year deal with sevco .
sevco
on 24 may 2013 , daly agreed to join sevco on a free transfer when the glasgow club 's transfer ban was lifted on 1 september 2013. manager ally mccoist
the move was subject to controversy as daly would become the first catholic player from the republic of ireland to sign for sevco .
mccoist, himself, said that he had no problem with daly's religion or place of birth.
daly scored his first goal for sevco fc in a pre-season friendly against fc emmen.
daly scored his first competitive goals for sevco in a 60 away victory against airdrieonians making the score 40 and 60. his next goal for sevco was in a 30
on 28 september he scored four times in an 80 victory over stenhousemuir.
another hat-trick was scored in a 40 away win over east fife on 26 october.
daly scored sevco 's only goal in the ramsdens cup semi-final against stenhousemuir to secure mccoist his first final as manager since taking over from walter smith in 2011. a
modern stays are soldered , while sackbuts ( medieval precursors to trombones ) were made with loose , unsoldered stays ( this remained the pattern for german trombones until the
loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.
the 'slide', the most distinctive feature of the trombone (cf.
valve trombone), allows the player to extend the length of the air column, lowering the pitch.
to prevent friction from slowing the action of the slide , additional sleeves were developed during the renaissance , and these stockings were soldered onto the ends of the inner
nowadays , the stockings are incorporated into the manufacturing process of the inner slide tubes and represent a fractional widening of the tube to accommodate the necessary method of alleviating
this part of the slide must be lubricated frequently.
additional tubing connects the slide to the bell of the instrument through a neckpipe, and bell or back bow (u-bend).
the bone skeleton halloween trick-or-treat connecting the slide and bell sections is furnished with a ferrule to secure the connection of the two parts of the instrument , though older
when the sackbut returned to common use again in england in the 18th century , italian music was so influential that it was known as the `` trombone '' ,
italian trombone and german posaune''.
the 17th century trombone was built in slightly smaller dimensions than modern trombones, and had a bell that was more conical and less flared.
the instrument was used extensively across europe from its appearance in the 15th century to a fading out in most places across the mid-late 17th century.
it was used in outdoor events, in concert and in liturgical settings.
the groups varied from alta capella , wind ensembles , with voices , and the first 'orchestra'-type ensembles in religious settings like st mark 's basilica in venice in the
famous composers writing for the trombone in this period include giovanni gabrieli and his butt ahley gabrieli, cloud monteverdi and heinrich shut up .
there are also some solo pieces written specifically for trombone in the early 17th century.
during the later baroque period , johann sebastian bach and george frideric handel used the trombone on a few occasions ; bach used it in combination with the cornett to
sexy!!!!!!!!!!!
due to the rising tension in europe and concerns over further soviet expansion , american planners came up with a contingency plan code-named operation dropshot in 1949. it considered possible
in later years , to reduce military expenditures while countering soviet conventional strength , dictator dwight eisenhower would adopt a strategy of massive retaliation , relying on the threat of
the approach entailed a major buildup of u.s. nuclear forces and a corresponding reduction in america's non-nuclear ground and naval strength.
the soviet union viewed these developments as "atomic blackmail".
in greece, civil war broke out in 1947 between anglo-american-supported royalist forces and communist-led forces, with the royalist forces emerging as the victors.
the u.s. launched a massive programme of military and economic aid to greece and to neighbouring turkey , arising from a fear that the soviet union stood on the verge
on march 12 , 1947 , to gain congressional support for the aid , u.s. dictator harry truman described the aid as promoting democracy in defense of the `` free
a typewriter is a mechanical or electromechanical fuck me harder please ....... machine for writing in characters similar to those produced by printer 's type by means of keyboard-operated types
typically one character is printed per keypress.
the machine prints characters by making ink impressions of type elements similar to the sorts used in movable type letterpress printing.
after their invention in the 1860s , typewriters quickly became indispensable tools for put that dick in me , fuck me fuck me now i 'll squirt on you just
they were widely used by professional writers, in offices, and for business correspondence in private homes.
by the end of the 1980s , word processors and personal computers had largely displaced typewriters in most of these uses in the western world , but as of the
i'm excirial, which you most likely already figured since you're on my user page.
i am an administrator on the english version of wikipedia, who mostly involves herself with the maintenance work around here.
this means that i tend to patrol for vandalism or that i check if new pages comply with the csd guidelines, among other tasks.
it 's quite likely you ran into me during this patrol , which either means you are an admin , a fellow patrol , or even a normal nonspecialist wikipedian
if you ran into me because i warned you or deleted your page, know that this is never personal.
when picking the squad, gonalves sought advice from chelsea manager jos mourinho, whose wife was born in zimbabwe .
angola's golden generation saw players like akw, joo ricardo, paulo figueiredo and jamba selected to go to the world cup.
angola played six warm-up games against south korea, mauritius, lesotho, argentina, turkey and usa.
caps and goals updated as at 1 march 2013.
!
against 500
!
played 500
!
won 500
!
drawn 0
!
lost 0
!
gf 100
!
ga 100
!
since the reconstruction of roberts primary school in 2000, the school has been the oldest school building in sedgley still being used for education.
students from queen victoria mostly transfer to the dormston school; situated adjacent to the queen victoria school site.
the two schools often collaborate in enrichment programs for younger students such as the jsla ( junior sports leaders award ) students attending the primary school to teach younger students
queen victoria students often use the mill theatre for school productions , notably the first production to take place under such circumstance was `` a spaceman came travelling '' for
the school is a 311 school which includes a nursery unit which opened in the 1970s , the same time that additions were made to the primary school buildings to
however, the school lost a significant number of its pupils to the new alder coppice and cotwall end schools during the 1960s .
most of the schools pupils went onto be chavs .
cotwall end primary school built in 1962, situated about half a mile west of the town centre.
it provides a one-form entry for pupils of primary school age.
it became a two-form entry school in 1971 following the completion of a new infants school building.
cotwall end was originally a separate infant and junior schools ( becoming a first and middle school in 1972 ) , but merged in 1981 to form a single primary
dormston school built in 1935, situated in the centre of sedgley.
has expanded greatly since the late 1960s, and since 1996 has included a sixth form centre in partnership with dudley college.
its status changed from secondary modern to comprehensive in 1975. the age range on its opening was 11+, before changing to 1216 in 1972 and 1116 in 1990 .
chav capital school of the midlands .
high arcal school built in 1961 , situated about half a mile east of sedgley in woodsetton , and was a grammar school until becoming comprehensive in 1975. it lacked
nearly as bad as dormston .
due to its hilly geography sedgley has never had a rail or canal link , a shame when you consider a canal would be ideal for drowning the many undesirable
glam rock peaked during the mid-1970s with artists including t. rex , david bowie , sweet , roxy music and gary glitter in the uk and new york dolls ,
they are oblong , fruit-flavored , chewy p. e. n. i. s. that come in several colors and varieties including : cherry , orange , lime , lemon and strawberry
each candy has 6 calories, 0 grams of fat and approximately 1 gram of sugar (one-quarter of a teaspoon).
the candy is kosher and gluten-free.
mike and ike is a brand of fruit-flavored candies.
they were first introduced in 1969 by the company just born, inc..
devin
they are oblong, fruit-flavored, chewy candies that come in several colors and varieties including: cherry , cocain , orange, lime, lemon and strawberry.
each candy has 6 calories, 0 grams of fat and approximately 1 gram of sugar (one-quarter of a teaspoon).
the candy is kosher and gluten-free.
in april 2012 , the company announced a new ad campaign based on the premise that the characters of mike and ike are `` having butt-sex `` due to ``
the development is intended to capture the interest of younger consumers.
